films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .
without resorting to camp or parody , haynes -lrb- like sirk , but differently -rrb- has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
it ultimately stands forth as an important chronicle of the abuses of one of latin america 's most oppressive regimes .
baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .
it 's like watching a nightmare made flesh .
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all .
life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why .
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .
-lrb- grant 's -rrb- bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle .
the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent .
in death to smoochy , we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
if you 're not a prepubescent girl , you 'll be laughing at britney spears ' movie-starring debut whenever it does n't have you impatiently squinting at your watch .
sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
has a long and clunky ending ... which forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience 's awkward silence
it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .
this film 's relationship to actual tension is the same as what christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation .
it 's about time .
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
flashy , pretentious and as impenetrable as morvern 's thick , working-class scottish accent .
but it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit .
why come up with something even quasi-original , when you can pillage from shirley jackson , richard matheson ... and puke up something like rose red ?
evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
the new guy is one of them .
it 's like a `` big chill '' reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .
merci pour le movie .
... blade ii is more enjoyable than the original .
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .
you wonder why enough was n't just a music video rather than a full-length movie .
there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in stuart little 2 -- quite a rarity , even in the family film market .
there are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .
if we 're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she 's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?
the filmmakers might want to look it up .
` what 's the russian word for wow !? '
due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director 's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality .
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .
as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway .
the perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide .
the pianist is polanski 's best film .
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson 's perspective as a storyteller .
but this films lacks the passion required to sell the material .
about schmidt is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear .
this warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies , and its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics .
so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .
boyd 's screenplay -lrb- co-written with guardian hack nick davies -rrb- has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon .
this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .
this version 's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful .
even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting .
audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she 's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amélie .
a gushy episode of `` m \* a \* s \* h '' only this time from an asian perspective .
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .
a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman .
spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
it looks much more like a cartoon in the end than the simpsons ever has .
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties .
the movie will reach far beyond its core demographic .
very bad .
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .
dolgin and franco fashion a fascinating portrait of a vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-american girl with a brand new name in southern tennessee .
without any redeeming value whatsoever .
it might as well have been problem child iv .
too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
it gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .
the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .
when she speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music .
half submarine flick , half ghost story , all in one criminally neglected film
i do n't think i 've been as entranced and appalled by an asian film since shinya tsukamoto 's iron man .
i have two words to say about reign of fire .
it 's been 20 years since 48 hrs .
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games .
think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
brimful .
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .
yes they can swim , the title is merely anne-sophie birot 's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through .
... the movie is just a plain old monster .
the fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it .
even more baffling is that it 's funny .
as a director , mr. ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects .
i did n't think so .
despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry , witherspoon is just too dialed-up to be america 's sweetheart .
nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .
the movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece
... a pretentious mess ...
sweet home alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of -lrb- witherspoon 's -rrb- better films .
seldahl 's barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness .
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
drops you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why .
the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart .
trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son .
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine .
frailty is n't as gory or explicit .
would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ?
ms. seigner and mr. serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
schmaltzy and unfunny , adam sandler 's cartoon about hanukkah is numbingly bad , little nicky bad , 10 worst list bad .
if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before .
laughably , irredeemably awful .
the cameo-packed , m : i-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise ... then mike myers shows up and ruins everything .
starts slowly , but adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying .
-lrb- reno -rrb- delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .
this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic .
what started out as a taut contest of wills between bacon and theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence .
i wish i could say `` thank god it 's friday '' , but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over .
a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures .
any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
sadly , ` garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . '
what we get ... is caddyshack crossed with the loyal order of raccoons .
egoyan 's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose .
but mr. polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic .
a boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk 'n' slash .
my thoughts were focused on the characters .
not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .
in the process , they demonstrate that there 's still a lot of life in hong kong cinema .
by candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music , -lrb- jones -rrb- calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity .
there 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .
polished korean political-action film is just as good -- and bad -- as hollywood action epics .
elling , portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by per christian ellefsen , is a truly singular character , one whose frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone .
the reason to see `` sade '' lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis -lrb- auteil -rrb- and emilie -lrb- le besco -rrb- .
the emperor 's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but ...
gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth .
the film seems a dead weight .
savvy director robert j. siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .
this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you ca n't wait to see what they do next .
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .
your taste for jonah - a veggie tales movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the holy spirit .
an involving true story of a chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution -- acted mostly by the actual people involved .
-lrb- denis ' -rrb- bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
there 's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about .
a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .
your appreciation of it will depend on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make .
a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution .
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
the ending does n't work ... but most of the movie works so well i 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong .
the tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy .
anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .
for decades we 've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .
throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material .
a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world .
it 's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .
the wwii drama is well plotted , visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear .
well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .
steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes .
this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari 's film falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey .
nothing denis has made before , like beau travil and nenette et boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre .
the innocence of holiday cheer ai n't what it used to be .
brave and sweetly rendered love story .
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time .
there 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children .
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi 's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .
disjointed parody .
as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
the whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit .
it 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .
not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid .
-lrb- davis -rrb- has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race .
reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world 's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes .
an appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles .
there 's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and the count of monte cristo ... never quite settles on either side .
gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .
manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer .
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama .
who knew ...
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .
it 's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by elizabeth hurley in a bathing suit .
consider it ` perfection . '
as a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it does n't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions .
the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly - stunning insight that crime does n't pay .
the rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer cgi effects .
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
it 's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt .
it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .
a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience 's chain .
it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought .
the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .
very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary .
the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel .
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .
works , it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .
a slight but sweet film .
you 're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous .
yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
the movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .
beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
a portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .
deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
the film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch christian right propaganda machine into national media circles .
-lrb- `` take care of my cat '' -rrb- is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .
it 's just merely very bad .
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito 's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , khouri then gets terrific performances from them all .
i do n't think i laughed out loud once .
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
an intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort .
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west .
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .
the fourth `` pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .
the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys .
the makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep .
it 's that painful .
a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship .
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .
elegant , mannered and teasing .
the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess .
its sheer dynamism is infectious .
however , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
you might not want to hang out with samantha , but you 'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story .
first-time director joão pedro rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .
as -lrb- the characters -rrb- get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound .
it settles for being merely grim .
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay .
has its share of arresting images .
a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ...
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision .
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell .
a map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a master 's steady stroke .
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set .
slap me , i saw this movie .
it made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire .
one hour photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it 's just too bad it does n't have more flashes of insight .
like dickens with his passages , mcgrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .
instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , hart 's war , like the st. louis rams in the super bowl , waits until after halftime to get started .
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans -lrb- but by no means all -rrb- will have fun with .
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
not always too whimsical for its own good -lrb- but enough to do harm -rrb- , this strange hybrid of crime thriller , quirky character study , third-rate romance and female empowerment fantasy never really finds the tonal or thematic glue it needs .
will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
but darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
a deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect .
a swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith .
it 's exactly what you 'd expect .
every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked .
the lower your expectations , the more you 'll enjoy it .
ranks among willams ' best screen work .
... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
not a bad journey at all .
but the actors make this worth a peek .
finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less .
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -lrb- if tragic -rrb- note .
... a good , if not entirely fresh , look at war .
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ...
the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
i do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .
the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
the film 's bathos often overwhelms what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place .
well-meant but unoriginal .
there 's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that 's what makes it irresistible .
guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things .
barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .
delight your senses and crash this wedding !
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape .
though excessively tiresome , the uncertainty principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore .
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions .
a romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions .
if you 're a wwf fan , or you related to the people who watched the robots getting butchered in a.i. , you 'll probably like rollerball .
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel .
she may not be real , but the laughs are .
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids ' books to the screen ... tuck everlasting is a little of both .
ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal , i felt disrespected .
entertaining enough , but nothing new
the format gets used best ... to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and bmx riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups .
the film starts out as competent but unremarkable ... and gradually grows into something of considerable power .
highly watchable stuff .
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son .
a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 .
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .
even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
opening with some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends , the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half .
this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .
nijinsky says , ' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something .
she 's not yet an actress , not quite a singer ...
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing .
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread .
the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .
eight legged freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...
i like that smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .
this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
it 's -lrb- ricci 's -rrb- best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world 's misery with blind good will .
director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth .
a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe .
screenwriters scott abbott and michael petroni have turned rice 's complex akasha into a cartoon monster .
worth a look as a curiosity .
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .
a chaotic panorama that 's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .
i have a confession to make : i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy .
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian .
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .
often hilarious .
another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it .
harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality .
a remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life .
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .
... an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly should n't hurt talented young gaghan 's resume .
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .
... mesmerizing , an eye-opening tour of modern beijing culture in a journey of rebellion , retreat into oblivion and return .
but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
humorous , artsy , and even cute , in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way .
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , -lrb- denis ' -rrb- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .
family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
though nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
it 's not an easy one to review .
hey arnold !
windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop .
... as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the star wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement .
mild , meandering teen flick .
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage .
davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .
the pivotal narrative point is so ripe the film ca n't help but go soft and stinky .
fairly run-of-the-mill .
if you 've ever wondered what an ending without the input of studio executives or test audiences would look like , here it is .
a passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor .
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination .
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
i loved it !
but i do .
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
the story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that 's rare in film today , but be warned : it 's a slow slog to get there .
sometimes smart but more often sophomoric .
long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
none of his actors stand out , but that 's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : characterization matters less than atmosphere .
too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes .
take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera .
full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .
what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out .
dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy .
herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among germany and eastern european jews might have changed 20th-century history is undermined by ahola 's inadequate performance .
tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy .
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist .
the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .
it 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ?
tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .
this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance .
i found myself liking the film , though in this case one man 's treasure could prove to be another man 's garbage .
watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .
burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite .
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
it would n't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7.00 .
for all its problems ... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
you come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .
no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .
but here 's a glimpse at his life .
for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
you may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
hate it because it 's lousy .
yes , it 's as good as you remember .
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .
this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september .
is one of this year 's very best pictures .
so beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going .
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends -lrb- it -rrb- stimulating depth .
the movie is n't always easy to look at .
exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling .
about as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life .
more of a career curio than a major work .
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
sure , it 's more of the same , but as the film proves , that 's not always a bad thing .
the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen -lrb- vega -rrb- and juni -lrb- sabara -rrb- cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .
it 's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like punch-drunk love .
distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
a hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives .
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .
for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
renner 's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing .
take away all the cliches and the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie we 've seen and all you have left are john leguizamo 's cool jackets .
those of you who do n't believe in santa claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original .
abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists .
broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .
bring tissues .
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .
but on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie .
as a science fiction movie , `` minority report '' astounds .
now i can see why people thought i was too hard on `` the mothman prophecies '' .
a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence .
more of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller .
... a true delight .
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .
i ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
despite the premise of a good story ... it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles .
majidi 's poetic love story is a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times .
as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters ' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .
by taking entertainment tonight subject matter and giving it humor and poignancy , auto focus becomes both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing .
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
the fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work .
samuel l. jackson is one of the best actors there is .
at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there 's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential .
while it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
all in all , there 's only one thing to root for : expulsion for everyone .
a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
a `` black austin powers ? ''
what 's next ?
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .
an enthralling , entertaining feature .
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date .
i do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .
i 'm guessing the director is a magician .
proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism ... and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday 's weather report .
try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde .
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .
lends itself to the narcotizing bland -lrb- sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial disney girl movie -rrb- machinations of the biennial disney boy movie .
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .
haneke 's script -lrb- from elfriede jelinek 's novel -rrb- is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
cynics need not apply . '
if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
a comic gem with some serious sparkles .
the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected .
a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .
an infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy .
-lrb- an -rrb- absorbing documentary .
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''
melodrama with a message .
-lrb- taylor -rrb- takes us on a ride that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb .
the transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
sluggish , tonally uneven .
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia .
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .
there 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .
undercover brother does n't go far enough .
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .
it 's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .
well before it 's over , beijing bicycle begins spinning its wheels .
you should pay nine bucks for this : because you can hear about suffering afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected .
let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested .
mr. koshashvili is a director to watch .
reggio 's trippy , ambitious downer can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified nike ad .
the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome .
when the precise nature of matthew 's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up .
while the film misfires at every level , the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what 's supposed to be a comedy .
flawed , but worth seeing for ambrose 's performance .
the action clichés just pile up .
while it 's nothing we have n't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .
like you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .
i spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .
which is n't to say that it 's the equal of some of its predecessors .
dramatically lackluster .
the real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , jean reno , who resembles sly stallone in a hot sake half-sleep .
i can take infantile humor ... but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers .
but mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
lightweight but appealing .
she 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness .
it 's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins .
schneider 's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story 's continuity and progression .
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year .
the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen .
it never fails to engage us .
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?
hey arnold !
true hollywood story .
count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes .
so brisk is wang 's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .
bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era 's creme de la celluloid .
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .
it just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
if this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards , more power to it .
davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .
it 's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
a conventional but heartwarming tale .
there 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .
rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
special p.o.v. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .
nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream . '
but seriously , folks , it does n't work .
one of the best of the year .
claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains .
search it out .
steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it 's so clever you want to hate it .
a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle .
it 's an awfully derivative story .
the characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .
the santa clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city .
this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
a film of delicate interpersonal dances .
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love .
it 's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -lrb- woo 's -rrb- best work .
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .
adults will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized .
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film .
as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he 's neglected over the years .
while not quite a comedy , the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging .
a spunky , original take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages .
instead of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
the story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm , but will anyone really care ?
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods .
gently humorous and touching .
the movie is n't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave .
combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , beck seems to be under the illusion that he 's shooting the latest system of a down video .
sex with strangers is fascinating ...
this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable .
a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .
the only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .
asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm .
but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
an engaging overview of johnson 's eccentric career .
professionally speaking , it 's tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller .
` hey arnold ! '
without ever becoming didactic , director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .
it 's a fun adventure movie for kids -lrb- of all ages -rrb- that like adventure .
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable .
a sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards .
wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror .
throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love 's brief moment .
a case in point : doug pray 's scratch .
the best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates .
when not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .
for anyone who grew up on disney 's 1950 treasure island , or remembers the 1934 victor fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor .
does n't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces ... that raise the bar on stylized screen violence .
... a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause .
it 's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .
despite a performance of sustained intelligence from stanford and another of subtle humour from bebe neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich new york intelligentsia - and its off
however clever nelson has been in providing variation within the confines of her structure and staging , the question remains whether this should , indeed , have been presented as a theatrical release .
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .
what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
dreary tale of middle-class angst
is not easy .
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .
it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
i 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
there are a few stabs at absurdist comedy ... but mostly the humor is of the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an iranian specialty .
immersing us in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop djs , the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch .
earnest but earthbound ... a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama\/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast .
strictly middle of the road .
it kinda works and qualifies as cool at times , but is just too lame to work or be cool at others .
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body ?
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller 's hand often feels unsure .
if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
if h.g. wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version , what would he say ?
but not without cheesy fun factor .
from spiritual rebirth to bruising defeat , vincent 's odyssey resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of jean renoir .
the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise .
the film 's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen .
as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , murder by numbers fits the profile too closely .
while not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original .
the gags are often a stitch .
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year .
offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .
sometimes , fond memories should stay in the past : a lesson this film teaches all too well .
the movie 's eventual success should be credited to dennis quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .
holm ... embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma .
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
shunji iwai 's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan .
has a lot of the virtues of eastwood at his best .
as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up .
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .
the humor is n't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original .
too bad .
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .
collateral damage offers formula payback and the big payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly .
nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie 's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
while obviously an extremely personal work , it remains inextricably stuck in an emotionally unavailable rut .
you 're better off staying home and watching the x-files .
jam-packed with literally bruising jokes .
if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is -lrb- cattaneo -rrb- sophomore slump .
a small movie with a big heart .
the filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers .
what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea .
calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it 's more like entertainment for trolls .
bears is bad .
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .
their film falters , however , in its adherence to the disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that i 'd hoped the movie would avoid .
every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency .
... -lrb- a -rrb- strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense .
without -lrb- de niro -rrb- , city by the sea would slip under the waves .
bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he ca n't help throwing in a few of his own touches .
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
if a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
the creaking , rusty ship makes a fine backdrop , but the ghosts ' haunting is routine .
imagine o. henry 's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene .
upper teens may get cynical .
a no-holds-barred cinematic treat .
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in -lrb- the characters ' -rrb- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience .
clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l.a. to that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown 's life .
further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of dubya 's axis of evil .
uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum 's good intentions .
unfortunately , as a writer , mr. montias is n't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .
-lrb- d -rrb- oes n't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful .
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .
i prefer to think of it as `` pootie tang with a budget . ''
the sweetest thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways .
when seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , i wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , ` hey , kool-aid ! '
whatever eyre 's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place .
allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
they just do n't work in concert .
sandra bullock 's best dramatic performance to date -lrb- is -rrb- almost enough to lift -lrb- this -rrb- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot .
occasionally , in the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new .
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .
characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better .
... either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you 're not .
too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .
it 's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you 'll likely think of this one .
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .
gets better after foster leaves that little room .
neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment .
a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .
extremely confusing .
there 's not much to fatale , outside of its stylish surprises ... but that 's ok .
affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that ford effortlessly filled with authority .
while not quite `` shrek '' or `` monsters , inc. '' , it 's not too bad .
but the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness .
a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy 's well-honed prima donna shtick .
the episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life .
it 's fairly self-aware in its dumbness .
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music .
less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 .
why ?
... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
or that the battery on your watch has died .
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .
i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .
it 's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be .
but they fascinate in their recklessness .
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip .
wallace seems less like he 's been burning to tell a war story than he 's been itching to somehow tack one together
murder by numbers just does n't add up .
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
`` its successes are also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right . ''
go , girls , right down the reality drain .
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience .
the sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap .
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -lrb- and -rrb- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .
not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hip-hop sorely disappointed .
more dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special .
perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
it 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
this idea has lost its originality ... and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture .
the only thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
béart and berling are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent .
watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it .
auto focus is not your standard hollywood bio-pic .
i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x.
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence .
it 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation .
a tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled african-american 's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle .
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .
how about surprising us by trying something new ?
highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer , as the prime villain , and nathan lane as vincent crummles , the eccentric theater company manager .
sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna does n't suck as an actress .
almost everything else is wan .
they 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .
it 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .
for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .
maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters .
a movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it 's approached with imagination and flair .
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .
the film has a childlike quality about it .
you wo n't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .
ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ?
a disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting .
a fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .
did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 armenia ?
walter hill 's pulpy , stylized boxing melodrama undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity .
it 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .
the adventure does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .
makes even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun .
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .
a manically generous christmas vaudeville .
the film 's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard ...
part comedy , part drama , the movie winds up accomplishing neither in full , and leaves us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas , but nevertheless dissatisfied with the movie as a whole .
the weight of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough .
a thriller made from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion .
it 's really just another silly hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows .
a very charming and funny movie .
it 's a scathing portrayal .
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .
so i just did .
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .
in a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in .
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
... the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
the film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game .
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .
it 's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history .
what more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?
as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . '
invincible is a wonderful movie .
this is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few .
the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
it 's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be .
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .
the film sometimes flags ... but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace .
a thought-provoking look at how western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures .
this is a truly , truly bad movie .
... the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
it 's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface .
... really horrible drek .
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king .
simply a re-hash of the other seven films .
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history .
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care .
at its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers .
there 's a solid woman - finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you 'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it .
... a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway .
the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .
sheridan seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony .
a creaky staircase gothic .
leave these flowers unpicked -- they 're dead on the vine .
consider this review life-affirming .
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .
this film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience .
the inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth .
if high crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title .
polished , well-structured film .
i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .
a worthy entry into a very difficult genre .
we may get the full visceral impact of a ruthless army on the warpath but no sense of the devilish complexity of the balkans conflict .
nothing but an episode of smackdown !
a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save .
the kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you .
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .
the new film of anton chekhov 's the cherry orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . '
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
it 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` the loud and the ludicrous ' ... the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated .
while undercover brother is definitely one for the masses , it 's also full of sharp , smart satire .
if a few good men told us that we `` ca n't handle the truth '' than high crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we `` do n't care about the truth . ''
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change .
u.s. audiences may find -lrb- attal and gainsbourg 's -rrb- unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what hollywood typically concocts .
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .
elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness .
it would have benefitted the dialogue .
it 's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more .
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin .
it 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
an exhilarating experience .
claude miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications .
eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .
argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
the film 's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
you 'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it .
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .
it should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit .
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys ' novel `` the death of napoleon '' and directed by alan taylor , napoleon 's journey is interesting but his parisian rebirth is stillborn
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino .
it may even fall into the category of films you love to hate .
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
ultimately , jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
do n't say you were n't warned .
the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .
a thought-provoking picture .
this is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another .
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was .
life is a crock -- or something like it .
the film has -lrb- its -rrb- moments , but they are few and far between .
bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability .
while there 's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying ` get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer
no number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story .
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i 'm all for that .
at once emotional and richly analytical , the cosby-seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .
so original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .
winds up feeling like lots of other quirky movies that try to score hipness points with young adults .
`` feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker .
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life .
good car chases , great fight scenes , and a distinctive blend of european , american and asian influences .
the film will appeal to discovery channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses .
it all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .
clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence .
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included
leigh 's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom .
good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?
martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more .
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .
a momentary escape from the summer heat and the sedentary doldrums that set in at this time of year .
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard .
this is carion 's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach .
it 's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it does n't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks .
despite a story predictable enough to make the sound of music play like a nail-biting thriller , its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it .
overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek 's novel by some way .
the movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable .
a visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
a droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling .
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ?
what puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears ' first movie .
it 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone .
a lack of thesis makes maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special .
that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller .
even the unwatchable soapdish is more original .
a great companion piece to other napoleon films .
one fantastic -lrb- and educational -rrb- documentary .
it 's hard to fairly judge a film like ringu when you 've seen the remake first .
dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter .
it 's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible .
singer\/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
charlize chases kevin with a gun .
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .
unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .
the execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that rob schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .
all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
about as cutting-edge as pet rock : the movie .
kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .
comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class .
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams writer\/director\/producer robert rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry .
... a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school .
and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
wanker goths are on the loose !
another best of the year selection .
like mike is n't interested in recycling old cliches .
too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it 's not a total loss .
the dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but huppert 's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience .
as saccharine as it is disposable .
everything else about high crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented .
ultimately , sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor .
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .
ms. hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate .
if you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .
does n't amount to much of anything .
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .
weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste .
it 's painful .
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it .
when mr. hundert tells us in his narration that ` this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement .
charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
it 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
a solidly entertaining little film .
it 's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable .
do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman does n't work ?
it 's a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings , of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests .
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .
gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible !
the humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny .
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
a fantastic premise anchors this movie , but what it needs is either a more rigid , blair witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies .
she boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
none of this violates the letter of behan 's book , but missing is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor .
though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all .
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .
but it 's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast .
with one exception , every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it 's a big , comforting jar of marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen .
like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh .
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .
george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .
something must have been lost in the translation .
visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` unfaithful . ''
the film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet .
has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .
with not a lot of help from the screenplay -lrb- proficient , but singularly cursory -rrb- , -lrb- testud -rrb- acts with the feral intensity of the young bette davis .
my response to the film is best described as lukewarm .
mr. parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom .
no , it 's not nearly as good as any of its influences .
eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath .
a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton 's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana .
this is n't a narrative film -- i do n't know if it 's possible to make a narrative film about september 11th , though i 'm sure some will try -- but it 's as close as anyone has dared to come .
the worst film of the year .
it is also beautifully acted .
greengrass -lrb- working from don mullan 's script -rrb- forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in northern ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .
not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that 's all that matters .
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun .
but in 2002 , such revelations wilt .
... strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner .
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .
one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .
a farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise , it is n't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .
it can not be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull .
i hated every minute of it .
in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy .
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ?
it suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media ... to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks .
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic .
but unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun .
and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .
... tunney is allowed to build an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope .
bourne , jason bourne .
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros .
`` analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
a taut psychological thriller that does n't waste a moment of its two-hour running time .
too leisurely paced and visually drab for its own good , it succeeds in being only sporadically amusing .
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .
blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .
in its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of grease , without benefit of song .
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
so verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-tv movie .
my own minority report is that it stinks .
it 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what -lrb- aniston -rrb- has always needed to grow into a movie career .
one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .
i found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done .
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
`` what john does is heroic , but we do n't condone it , '' one of the film 's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia .
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
there are moments of hilarity to be had .
white has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise .
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather .
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .
my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie .
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .
the stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious .
the tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons .
the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous .
maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
the stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for euro-film pretension .
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling -lrb- murder by numbers -rrb- delivers a magnetic performance .
a restrained ribisi convinces as an italian , though if ever a movie needed one of the actor 's whiny jags to pump it up , this has to be among the rare ones .
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
this is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous .
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking .
lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
the editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden .
` film aficionados can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . '
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
glizty but formulaic and silly ... cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
comes across as a fairly weak retooling .
perhaps the most annoying thing about who is cletis tout ?
maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
a candid and often fascinating documentary about a pentecostal church in dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services .
-lrb- t -rrb- he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .
earnest but heavy-handed .
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .
would i see it again ?
co-writer\/director jonathan parker 's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .
at the film 's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , michel piccoli .
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music .
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement .
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .
-lrb- seems -rrb- even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .
it 's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments .
quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare 's plays .
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .
we do n't even like their characters .
an unflinching look at the world 's dispossessed .
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
the whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like bellini and mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .
as averse as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens .
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' his fan base ...
what 's the most positive thing that can be said about the new rob schneider vehicle ?
jae-eun jeong 's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .
a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe .
-lrb- t -rrb- his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .
there 's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route .
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
though it inspires some -lrb- out-of-field -rrb- creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow !
it celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '
hard to resist .
scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
in the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director joe carnahan .
all 's well that ends well , and rest assured , the consciousness-raising lessons are cloaked in gross-out gags .
... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .
the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
rare is the ` urban comedy ' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film
lucas , take notes .
this examination of aquatic life off the shores of the baja california peninsula of mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the imax format .
and it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
the experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not .
beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
abderrahmane sissako 's heremakono -lrb- waiting for happiness -rrb- is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the west african coast struggling against foreign influences .
it 's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it does n't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor .
goofy , nutty , consistently funny .
a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that .
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch .
earns its laughs from stock redneck ` types ' and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing .
you see robert de niro singing - and dancing to - west side story show tunes .
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
this is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man .
it has plenty of laughs .
one of the most highly-praised disappointments i 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
while the story 's undeniably hard to follow , iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
watching harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but boyd 's film offers little else of consequence .
visually striking and viscerally repellent .
... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard . '
ozpetek joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .
the closest thing to the experience of space travel
considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well .
do n't be fooled by the impressive cast list - eye see you is pure junk .
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .
only an epic documentary could get it all down , and spike lee 's jim brown : all american at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .
`` the quiet american '' begins in saigon in 1952 .
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .
the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess 's home video of their baby 's birth .
drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .
a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .
pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery .
at times , however , dogtown and z-boys lapses into an insider 's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about .
chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson 's dahmer .
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
human nature talks the talk , but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal .
when it really counts ... bloody sunday connects on a visceral level that transcends language .
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .
if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he does n't hold them in contempt .
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .
an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood .
daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .
spend your benjamins on a matinee .
he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
while holm is terrific as both men and hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .
an uplifting , near-masterpiece .
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz .
and i expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director bruce mcculloch .
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes add up to another ` spectacular spectacle . '
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing .
there 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long .
got a david lynch jones ?
-lrb- it 's -rrb- difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of american chai , despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view .
just like igby .
like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
skillful as he is , mr. shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
so unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines .
it 's funny .
it 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .
while the film shuns the glamour or glitz that an american movie might demand , scherfig tosses us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a hollywood production .
a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness .
this film is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy , that it 's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay .
a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution .
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .
norton is magnetic as graham .
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
the plot 's clearly mythic structure may owe more to disney 's strong sense of formula than to the original story .
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .
shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker 's bottomless pit of self-absorption .
less than fresh .
it 's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner .
simply does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .
it 's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
a muted freak-out
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !
a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state .
although barbershop boasts some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum .
this rather superficial arthouse middle-brow film knows how to please a crowd , and that 's about all it does well .
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride .
i have n't seen one in so long , no wonder i did n't recognize it at first .
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here .
instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman . '
there 's something about a marching band that gets me where i live .
although jackson is doubtless reserving the darkest hours for the return of the king , we long for a greater sense of urgency in the here and now of the two towers .
ultimately , the message of trouble every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life 's stasis .
quitting delivers a sucker-punch , and its impact is all the greater beause director zhang 's last film , the cuddly shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house .
it showcases carvey 's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one 's patience to get to the good stuff .
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would .
elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke .
roman coppola may never become the filmmaker his dad was , but heck -- few filmmakers will .
... the film suffers from a lack of humor -lrb- something needed to balance out the violence -rrb- ...
in his debut as a film director , denzel washington delivers a lean and engaging work .
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '
if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins .
it 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
witless but watchable .
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels .
the movie gets muted and routine .
yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
otherwise , this could be a passable date film .
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offering .
that 's pure pr hype .
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .
viva le resistance !
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective .
... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
one minute , you think you 're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it 's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and\/or sailor moon have been spliced in .
a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .
ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .
what makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved .
o.k. , not really .
while it 's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records -lrb- sugar hill gang , etc. -rrb- , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences .
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it .
you 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -lrb- than leon -rrb- .
a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness .
but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary .
though writer\/director bart freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance .
` abandon all hope , ye who enter here ' ... you should definitely let dante 's gloomy words be your guide .
it 's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins .
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
maneuvers skillfully through the plot 's hot brine -- until it 's undone by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors .
a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image , but it 's dench who really steals the show .
sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
they cheapen the overall effect .
sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
last dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true .
the only thing worse than your substandard , run-of-the-mill hollywood picture is an angst-ridden attempt to be profound .
to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached .
with a confrontational stance , todd solondz takes aim on political correctness and suburban families .
but it could have been worse .
it 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it 's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .
will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them .
if festival in cannes nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .
a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series .
promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .
this is a film living far too much in its own head .
hu and liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love .
oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .
the script is smart , not cloying .
the faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of v.s. naipaul 's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour .
but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
... routine , harmless diversion and little else .
a selection of scenes in search of a movie .
interesting , but not compelling .
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .
the film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable .
the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .
in its own floundering way , it gets to you .
in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .
it tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world .
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
like kissing jessica stein , amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
in a word -- yes .
`` the tuxedo '' should have been the vehicle for chan that `` the mask '' was for jim carrey .
essentially `` fatal attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
it 's also clear from the start that the transporter is running purely on adrenaline , and once the initial high wears off , the film 's shortcomings start to shine through .
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .
life or something like it has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities .
... one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else .
some body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .
it shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between .
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done .
a preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in brooklyn circa 1958 .
ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family .
one of creepiest , scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling blair witch or the others .
it 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .
such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
a smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .
matthew mcconaughey tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy .
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
twenty years later , reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task .
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .
the scope of the silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . .
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .
a beautiful paean to a time long past .
villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in bibi 's generic angst -lrb- there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows -rrb- .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking .
big mistake .
i like it .
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen .
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .
... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
darkly funny and frequently insightful .
no telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .
` snow dogs ' has both .
if you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need .
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be .
what will , most likely , turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 .
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .
the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
clint eastwood 's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
it 's a cool event for the whole family .
nine queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head .
a biopic about crane 's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .
it 's fun , but a psychological mess , with austin powers bumping his head on the way out of the closet .
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .
using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
an ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent .
trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease .
moretti plays giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy .
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring .
if horses could fly , this is surely what they 'd look like .
to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .
the story has little wit and no surprises .
there 's no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited -- again .
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
it 's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon .
witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .
this is a train wreck of an action film -- a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed james bond into the mindless xxx mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs .
the movie succumbs to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark .
it 's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
the directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge
amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
what little grace -lrb- rifkin 's -rrb- tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .
most of the film feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for shearer 's radio show and his simpson voice-overs .
i just did n't care as much for the story .
the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave .
its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .
visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction .
it takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -lrb- and exotic dancing -rrb- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .
whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .
it believes it 's revealing some great human truths , when , in reality , it 's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile .
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional .
the film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future quentin tarantino picture
in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
it 's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold .
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball . ''
utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , roberto benigni 's pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film .
same guy with both hats .
this remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise : al pacino loathing robin williams .
spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
enough similarities to gymkata and howie long 's firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs .
by the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
it 's the perfect kind of film to see when you do n't want to use your brain .
absolutely not .
the film is a fierce dance of destruction .
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative .
it 's mildly amusing , but i certainly ca n't recommend it .
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
ultimately , `` mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize .
watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
succeeds only because bullock and grant were made to share the silver screen .
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
for all the complications , it 's all surprisingly predictable .
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations
the movie plays up the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .
the film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people .
as it stands it 's an opera movie for the buffs .
this is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .
bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
this movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
it 's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job .
star trek : nemesis meekly goes where nearly every star trek movie has gone before .
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america .
a compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material .
compelling as it is exotic , fast runner has a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder .
it 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but i liked it .
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire .
director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years .
he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .
it 's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer .
a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !
this cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap .
only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate .
the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film is n't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is .
both damning and damned compelling .
... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
a true pleasure .
-lrb- green is -rrb- the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield .
will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings .
a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .
as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .
a quiet , disquieting triumph .
aggravating and tedious .
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
feels less like a change in -lrb- herzog 's -rrb- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .
you come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story .
no laughs .
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals .
... breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . '
based on dave barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
it 's a trifle .
labute ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : he 's changed the male academic from a lower-class brit to an american , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .
oh , james !
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .
here 's my advice , kev .
gee , a second assassin shot kennedy ?
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .
neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
it 's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .
zhang yimou delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it 's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones .
... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman 's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters .
even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .
while puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .
steve irwin 's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .
i saw juwanna mann so you do n't have to .
-lrb- an -rrb- hilarious romantic comedy .
bravado kathy !
one of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
a little objectivity could have gone a long way .
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 've ever seen .
payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?
schnitzler 's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying .
robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show .
a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .
the vintage is pure ' 87 , with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message : fatal attraction = do n't have an affair with a nutjob ; unfaithful = do n't if you 're married to one .
goes on and on to the point of nausea .
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .
a gripping drama .
jagger the actor is someone you want to see again .
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part .
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah .
dazzles with its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness -lrb- which always relates to characters and story -rrb- and johnny dankworth 's best soundtrack in years .
bad and baffling from the get-go .
but no. .
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .
broomfield turns his distinctive ` blundering ' style into something that could really help clear up the case .
but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ...
candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .
thoughtful , provocative and entertaining .
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .
remains a solid , if somewhat heavy-handed , account of the near-disaster ... done up by howard with a steady , if not very imaginative , hand .
the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama .
has all the depth of a wading pool .
it says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .
a vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . '
a wordy wisp of a comedy .
unfortunately , kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare .
grown-up quibbles are beside the point here .
too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging ... the isle defies an easy categorization .
he does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
not every animated film from disney will become a classic , but forgive me if i 've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school `` cartoon '' .
even those who would like to dismiss the film outright should find much to mull and debate .
it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself .
pray 's film works well and will appeal even to those who are n't too familiar with turntablism .
it 's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .
a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
enticing and often funny documentary .
ultimate x is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to espn the magazine .
bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
the sheer dumbness of the plot -lrb- other than its one good idea -rrb- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .
she 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
jaglom ... put -lrb- s -rrb- the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters
an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years .
the average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and small-town america .
a chilling movie without oppressive gore .
mcconaughey 's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script .
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
but you 'd never guess that from the performances .
walsh ca n't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in janice 's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .
it 's not too fast and not too slow .
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
every joke is repeated at least four times .
the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .
if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .
comedy troupe broken lizard 's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot .
even when crush departs from the 4w formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .
apparently writer-director attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film .
call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .
sean penn , you owe nicolas cage an apology .
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world .
... surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs .
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
a carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling -- but unquestionably alive .
you could love safe conduct -lrb- laissez passer -rrb- for being a subtitled french movie that is 170 minutes long .
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects .
oh , and booty call .
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .
final verdict : you 've seen it all before .
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material .
almost as offensive as `` freddy got fingered . ''
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
so-so entertainment .
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .
meandering and confusing .
there 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .
a glossy knock-off of a b-movie revenge flick .
so many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists , but family fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality .
it 's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated .
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .
how did it ever get made ?
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work .
tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
this movie is maddening .
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .
the beauty of alexander payne 's ode to the everyman is in the details .
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .
even if you feel like you 've seen this movie a thousand times before , it is kind of enjoyable thanks mainly to belushi 's easy-going likableness .
why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , i did n't care .
starts off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end .
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .
lan yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama , but it does n't even try for the greatness that happy together shoots for -lrb- and misses -rrb- .
nice piece of work .
the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
... fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .
credit must be given to harland williams , michael rosenbaum and barry watson , who inject far more good-natured spirit and talent into this project than it deserves
merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone .
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle .
before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility .
the problem is not that it 's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes .
a sensitive and expertly acted crowd-pleaser that is n't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears .
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .
it 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
this overproduced and generally disappointing effort is n't likely to rouse the rush hour crowd .
at times the guys taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage .
a very capable nailbiter .
oedekerk wrote patch adams , for which he should not be forgiven .
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .
without a strong script and energetic acting , dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor 's home videos .
the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger .
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .
it risks seeming slow and pretentious , because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise .
a refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale .
intelligent and moving .
the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished .
an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .
affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill .
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .
the people in abc africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras .
barely gets off the ground .
like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
slap her - she 's not funny !
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe .
a movie for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship lil ' bow wow .
directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .
arnold 's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces .
as a movie , it never seems fresh and vital .
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .
the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .
reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
a behind the scenes look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that 's made a difference to nyc inner-city youth .
` moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
it makes me feel weird \/ thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ like puppies with broken legs \/ and butterflies that die \/ and movies starring pop queens
quelle surprise !
if you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
an often unfunny romp .
after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .
he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works .
showtime is closer to slowtime .
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .
flat , but with a revelatory performance by michelle williams .
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .
after that , it just gets stupid and maudlin .
see it for his performance if nothing else .
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
lazy , miserable and smug .
filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low .
vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .
there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through .
using an endearing cast , writer\/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
` like a child with an important message to tell ... -lrb- skins ' -rrb- faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .
as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .
a crisp psychological drama -lrb- and -rrb- a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode .
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .
this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film .
the film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but ram dass : fierce grace does n't organize it with any particular insight .
although it does n't always hang together -- violence and whimsy do n't combine easily -- `` cherish '' certainly is n't dull .
like being trapped at a perpetual frat party ... how can something so gross be so boring ?
one of the greatest films i 've ever seen .
over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .
a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage .
... -lrb- like -rrb- channel surfing between the discovery channel and a late-night made-for-cable action movie .
it helps that lil bow wow ... tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid .
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ?
williams plays sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in insomnia .
it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .
a morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-tv look , rigid performances and an asinine ` twist ' that brazenly rips off the sixth sense .
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .
fulford-wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .
a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama .
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn .
slight but enjoyable documentary .
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film .
a mess , but it 's a sincere mess .
steven soderbergh does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it .
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .
all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 .
millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another .
the culmination of everyone 's efforts is given life when a selection appears in its final form -lrb- in `` last dance '' -rrb- .
the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann .
the movie feels like it 's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happens .
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .
girls gone wild and gone civil again
one ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .
from the opening scenes , it 's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie .
if you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .
if the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic heaven will quite likely be more like hell .
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .
ah , what the hell .
a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .
there 's no denying the elaborateness of the artist 's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan , but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity .
... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
a riveting story well told .
... brian de palma is utterly mad : cinema mad , set-piece mad , style mad .
`` barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
it 's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up .
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .
a gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing .
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
a solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .
offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude .
one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .
the performances take the movie to a higher level .
big fat liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities .
unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .
while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
it 's tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too .
after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .
the tale of tok -lrb- andy lau -rrb- , a sleek sociopath on the trail of o -lrb- takashi sorimachi -rrb- , the most legendary of asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold .
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
this is a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself .
a frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women .
narc is all menace and atmosphere .
wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach .
director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy .
noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama .
the new guy does have a heart .
i 'm sure if you 're a hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself ... me , i did n't care for it .
a high-minded snoozer .
will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years .
the movie is n't just hilarious : it 's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it is n't even all that dumb .
it 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .
swimfan , like fatal attraction , eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine .
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary .
gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances .
all mood and no movie .
it 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way .
personal velocity ought to be exploring these women 's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces .
see it now , before the inevitable hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles .
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .
the result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone .
even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock .
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .
this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers .
gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés .
celebrated at sundance , this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that 's hard to beat .
as social exposé , skins has its heart in the right place , but that 's not much to hang a soap opera on .
this is what imax was made for : strap on a pair of 3-d goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space .
as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
in the second half of the film , frei 's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis .
aside from being the funniest movie of the year , simone , andrew niccol 's brilliant anti-hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it .
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn .
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .
-lrb- janey -rrb- forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
there 's an energy to y tu mamá también .
a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty .
the script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime ' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for spy kids .
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .
a modest masterpiece .
a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda .
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero .
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain .
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
never quite transcends jokester status ... and the punchline does n't live up to barry 's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery .
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
writer\/director alexander payne -lrb- election -rrb- and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .
there is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine .
near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg 's film is that it truly is romance
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .
an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .
and for all the wrong reasons besides .
should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .
confirms the nagging suspicion that ethan hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it .
it 's time to let your hair down -- greek style .
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .
the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .
` unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
but even a hero can stumble sometimes .
as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .
like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , john q. is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .
a typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate french coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that is too heavy for all that has preceded it .
while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .
an intriguing and entertaining introduction to johnson .
her delivery and timing are flawless .
smarter than its commercials make it seem .
this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
this is so de palma .
the film truly does rescue -lrb- the funk brothers -rrb- from motown 's shadows .
too loud , too long and too frantic by half , die another day suggests that the bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 can not fly over , tunnel under or barrel through .
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated .
gere gives a good performance in a film that does n't merit it .
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
-lrb- sen 's -rrb- soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions .
a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...
i ca n't quite recommend it -- it 's too patched together -- but i almost can ; it 's the kind of movie that makes you want to like it .
try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there .
for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond 's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero .
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic .
deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
no. .
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead .
this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics .
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
if this holiday movie is supposed to be a gift , somebody unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap -lrb- literally -rrb- .
exploits -lrb- headbanger -rrb- stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .
with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , hélène angel is definitely a director to watch .
the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme 's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects .
it 's pauly shore awful .
maudlin and melodramatic we expected .
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .
the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs .
replacing john carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage .
a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .
an important movie , a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values .
parker probably thinks he 's shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss wilde 's still-contemporary play .
too much of the humor falls flat .
the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .
punish the vehicle to adore the star .
it 's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .
recalls quiet freak-outs like l'avventura and repulsion .
hayek is stunning as frida and ... a star-making project .
brilliantly explores the conflict between following one 's heart and following the demands of tradition .
a ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes .
candid camera on methamphetamines .
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .
what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
muddled , trashy and incompetent
adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
a film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : you experience it as you watch .
though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre .
it 's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick .
spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than -lrb- total recall and blade runner -rrb- , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .
` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment .
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .
is it something any true film addict will want to check out ?
automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf .
a comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience .
if disney 's cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .
the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .
if the very concept makes you nervous ... you 'll have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness .
but the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .
when perry fists a bull at the moore farm , it 's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart .
it 's an interesting effort -lrb- particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts -rrb- , and barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .
imagine a really bad community theater production of west side story without the songs .
... by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd .
a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history .
as plain and pedestrian as catsup --
lawrence should stick to his day job .
like mike does n't win any points for originality .
delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes .
and vin diesel is the man .
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative .
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing .
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent .
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play .
kenneth branagh 's energetic sweet-and-sour performance as a curmudgeonly british playwright grounds this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in los angeles .
although it 's a bit smug and repetitive , this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do .
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof .
a rarity among recent iranian films : it 's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist 's plight .
you 'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .
it 's a demented kitsch mess -lrb- although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative -rrb- , but it 's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year .
a pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film .
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
-lrb- woo 's -rrb- most resonant film since the killer .
vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love .
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
if it tried to do anything more , it would fail and perhaps explode , but at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about right .
dazzling and sugar-sweet , a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver .
it 's easy to love robin tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .
he 'd create a movie better than this .
disturbing .
the charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are beginning to wear a bit thin .
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
an almost unbearably morbid love story .
when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails .
how about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ?
and `` they 're coming ! ''
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
it 's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
one of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
i can only imagine one thing worse than kevin spacey trying on an irish accent , and that 's sultry linda fiorentino doing the same thing .
exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven ... -lrb- the film -rrb- addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce .
this time out , -lrb- sade -rrb- is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested .
but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh .
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste .
his best film remains his shortest , the hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive .
it 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
-lrb- but it 's -rrb- worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by michael caine and brendan fraser .
... if you 're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch freaks as a matinee .
everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
i still want my money back .
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it .
schindler 's list it ai n't .
barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time
a slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise .
why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me .
nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .
witty , vibrant , and intelligent .
often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .
although it bangs a very cliched drum at times , this crowd-pleaser 's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and good-natured spunk are often infectious .
stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .
the film is saved from are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition .
the year 's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way .
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger .
writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .
in the end , there is n't much to it .
jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissinger 's record into question and explain how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
in other words , it 's just another sports drama\/character study .
what 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
human nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control .
like its two predecessors , 1983 's koyaanisqatsi and 1988 's powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever .
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .
with the film 's striking ending , one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved .
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .
rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
a lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j.m. barrie 's peter pan .
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
-lrb- chaiken 's -rrb- talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters .
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
... rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .
-lrb- it -rrb- highlights not so much the crime lord 's messianic bent , but spacey 's .
ah yes , and then there 's the music ...
feardotcom 's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work .
wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
they should have found orson welles ' great-grandson .
a charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .
it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
bad movie .
the movie sticks much closer to hornby 's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of high fidelity did .
the two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath ...
... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
the only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .
the film is flat .
bubba ho-tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that does n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .
not as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .
whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and b-grade stylishness .
as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .
and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .
besides , real movie producers are n't this nice .
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
it 's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie .
by and large this is mr. kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since the doors .
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother .
-lrb- næs -rrb- directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage .
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .
instead of trying to bust some blondes , -lrb- diggs -rrb- should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
notorious c.h.o. has oodles of vulgar highlights .
slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler 's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $ 40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ?
an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce .
if `` lilo & stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on .
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
this is a superior horror flick .
meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...
the master of disguise represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
an extraordinary swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that bille august does best .
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression .
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
it 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's .
it gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours -lrb- and , for that matter , shrek -rrb- .
although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , tuck everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .
the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate\/surf culture , the l.a. beach scene and the imaginative -lrb- and sometimes illegal -rrb- ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .
less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -lrb- though no less horrifying for it -rrb- .
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment .
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
` alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
this one does .
even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough .
the film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience .
russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features .
it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
maud and roland 's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but labute pulls off a neater trick in possession : he makes language sexy .
surprisingly insightful
a rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers .
despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .
a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .
add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney 's a good director .
with the exception of mccoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park .
a boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater .
the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .
-lrb- haynes ' -rrb- homage to such films as `` all that heaven allows '' and `` imitation of life '' transcends them .
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
demeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material .
no more .
you could put it on a coffee table anywhere .
-lrb- raimi 's -rrb- matured quite a bit with spider-man , even though it 's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you 'll ever see .
too simple for its own good .
if you 're paying attention , the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess - but that does n't make the movie any less entertaining .
you 'll probably love it .
a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics .
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .
too predictably , in fact .
harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate .
barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality .
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath 's version of ` nicholas nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick .
it 's burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .
the film is really not so much bad as bland .
de oliveira creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by michel piccoli .
well , it does go on forever .
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade .
a real clunker .
malcolm mcdowell is cool .
beware the quirky brit-com .
one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals ... a psychological masterpiece .
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .
this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .
it 's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up .
between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap .
although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
what can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ?
but fans of the show should not consider this a diss .
its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
at its best when the guarded , resentful betty and the manipulative yet needy margot are front and center .
collapses under its own meager weight .
something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously .
the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .
bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie .
the characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .
just dreadful .
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .
by the end of no such thing the audience , like beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster .
... too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film .
it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film : someone crosses arnie .
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
this movie is about lying , cheating , but loving the friends you betray .
a listless and desultory affair .
it 's astonishing .
it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
one of those staggeringly well-produced , joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily .
e.t. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of hey arnold !
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .
` the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
feels less like it 's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers .
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels .
... overly melodramatic ...
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .
a deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy .
oh come on .
this horror-comedy does n't go for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheap-looking monsters -- unless you count elvira 's hooters .
a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that 's pretty toxic in its own right .
if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
you 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
in his u.s. debut , mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
noyce has worked wonders with the material .
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
... with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap .
plus , like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall !
mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor .
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .
like most sequels , it takes what worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters , more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness .
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .
well , they 're ` they ' .
the cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big ... and the setting remains indistinct .
nelson 's brutally unsentimental approach ... sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle .
who knows what exactly godard is on about in this film , but his words and images do n't have to add up to mesmerize you .
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down .
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .
this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .
charlotte sometimes is a gem .
and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
if you pitch your expectations at an all time low , you could do worse than this oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funny -- body-switching farce .
into how long is this movie ?
offers much to enjoy ... and a lot to mull over in terms of love , loyalty and the nature of staying friends .
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .
while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major would have thought possible .
as a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
do not , under any circumstances , consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor .
for all its failed connections , divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way .
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .
the dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically .
... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .
instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
easier to respect than enthuse over , andersson 's rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing .
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage .
fred schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
thoroughly enjoyable .
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
a moving picture that does not move .
part low rent godfather .
though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .
if you do n't ... well , skip to another review .
the plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story .
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1\/2 .
but first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .
offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .
`` 13 conversations about one thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
britney 's performance can not be faulted .
an `` o bruin , where art thou ? ''
maggie g. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first -lrb- as best i remember -rrb- , but still a very good time at the cinema .
there is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down .
too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
it should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .
some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
the movie is a dud .
one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .
could the country bears really be as bad as its trailers ?
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
mark wahlberg ... may look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry .
an ambitious ` what if ? '
a guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it .
apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths .
the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
writer\/director mark romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in america .
what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .
... stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
there ai n't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious .
director david jacobson gives dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .
there 's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable .
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen
a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem .
if somebody was bored and ... decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus ' son , they 'd come up with something like bart freundlich 's world traveler .
puportedly `` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face .
you do n't need to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california .
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve .
a tough go , but leigh 's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film 's often-mined and despairing milieu .
the casting of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke .
if there 's nothing fresh about wannabes , which was written by mr. demeo , who produced and directed the film with charles a. addessi , much of the time the movie feels authentic .
the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production 's austere locales .
an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .
a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan .
it pulls the rug out from under you , just when you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character , something happens to send you off in different direction .
it 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .
the action is reasonably well-done ... yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together .
while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel .
all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence .
despite its shortcomings , girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre .
coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .
much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , haneke has a different objective in mind -- namely the implications of our craving for fake stimulation .
it 's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be .
director-writer bille august ... depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey martin 's deterioration and barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger .
doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie 's spycraft and uses damon 's ability to be focused and sincere .
griffiths proves she 's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession .
ca n't seem to get anywhere near the story 's center .
a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special .
and it is .
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
a technically well-made suspenser ... but its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
-lrb- caine -rrb- proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
please see previous answer .
films are made of little moments .
you just know something terrible is going to happen .
this is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters .
not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ?
the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .
it 's rather like a lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable .
at its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood .
the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan .
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .
a mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .
it 's all pretty cynical and condescending , too .
... one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' .
return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure .
after all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .
dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch .
mr. wedge and mr. saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well .
better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine .
an earnest racial-issues picture that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era -- say , the '60s .
-lrb- newton -rrb- wanders through charlie completely unaware she needs to show some presence and star quality .
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products . . .
an operatic , sprawling picture that 's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length .
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
writer-director 's mehta 's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres .
nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you .
ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .
there 's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... -lrb- b -rrb- ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
it makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy 's idea of a good time .
this film , starring anthony hopkins and chris rock , is your typical ` fish out of water ' story .
static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold !
often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness , but seldahl and wollter 's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie .
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck 's film from coming together .
the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .
koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject .
first good , then bothersome .
an exciting and involving rock music doc , a smart and satisfying look inside that tumultuous world .
not a cheap slasher flick , as the subject matter would suggest , but is a little like a nature film , showing a patient predator and his foolish prey .
what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .
we ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
showtime 's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment .
bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description .
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .
the only time 8 crazy nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers .
an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .
despite slick production values and director roger michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .
not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it 's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare .
beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
it 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see .
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley .
all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto .
the film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction .
sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist japanese jokes .
poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
the acting is n't much better .
i love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off .
it 's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker .
it 's clear the filmmakers were n't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination .
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .
may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours .
it 's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children .
portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama .
the unexplored story opportunities of `` punch-drunk love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director anderson .
much of what is meant to be ` inspirational ' and ` uplifting ' is simply distasteful to audiences not already sharing -lrb- the movie 's -rrb- mindset .
the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .
this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
this movie is to be cherished .
it depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of .
a great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy need n't always make us laugh .
the problem with this film is that it lacks focus .
a worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .
it 's almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .
thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun .
it 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically .
it bites hard .
get out your pooper-scoopers .
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film .
barely goes beyond comic book status .
-lrb- garbus -rrb- discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation .
lapaglia 's ability to convey grief and hope works with weaver 's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class .
the film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .
... instead go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance .
the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it is n't exactly kiddie-friendly ... alas , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman -lrb- who never gets to play that flute -rrb- has all the charm of a meltdown .
like the film 's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early - '80s suburbia , it 's significant without being overstated .
paxton 's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .
few of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director neil burger follows up with are terribly convincing , which is a pity , considering barry 's terrific performance .
should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .
look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music .
this movie got me grinning .
while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
a puzzling experience .
an ambitious and moving but bleak film .
... another example of how sandler is losing his touch .
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
the truth about charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language .
there 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna 's cameo does n't suck !
here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
there is greatness here .
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
... the plot weaves us into a complex web .
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age .
in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .
` they ' begins and ends with scenes so terrifying i 'm still stunned .
especially give credit to affleck .
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
a movie with a real anarchic flair .
if you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life , eisenstein delivers .
... is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ?
still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
full of surprises .
boldly engineering a collision between tawdry b-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie , rose 's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli\/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .
one lousy movie .
at the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , `` i guess i come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . ''
the sundance film festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon utah each january to ferret out the next great thing .
i know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .
beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .
what better message than ` love thyself ' could young women of any size receive ?
this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c. walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
... the picture 's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine .
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
the filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .
the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
mr. polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
a predictable and stereotypical little b-movie .
watching scarlet diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both .
i saw knockaround guys yesterday , and already the details have faded like photographs from the spanish-american war ... it 's so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink .
the thing about guys like evans is this : you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .
a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps .
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .
the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not .
he drags it back , single-handed .
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .
it 's a feature-length adaptation of one of those `` can this marriage be saved ? ''
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
at the end , when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
half past dead is just such an achievement .
-lrb- a -rrb- painfully flat gross-out comedy ...
admirable , certainly , but not much fun to watch .
falls short in explaining the music and its roots .
efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .
binoche and magimel are perfect in these roles .
an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco ...
... silly humbuggery ...
wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .
with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path .
the narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing .
the wanton slipperiness of \* corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
-lrb- barry -rrb- gives assassin a disquieting authority .
rates an ` e ' for effort -- and a ` b ' for boring .
just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people .
one of -lrb- jaglom 's -rrb- better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .
in gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
high on melodrama .
hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world .
the latest installment in the pokemon canon , pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where pokemon graze in peace .
once the audience figure out what 's being said , the filmmaker 's relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care .
-lrb- lin chung 's -rrb- voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating -lrb- at least to this western ear -rrb- , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done .
` anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard .
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .
- style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .
admirably ambitious but self-indulgent .
a mostly tired retread of several other mob tales .
... if you 're in a mind set for goofy comedy , the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games .
unlike most teen flicks , swimming takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity .
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ... hence , storytelling is far more appealing .
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear .
sometimes shorter is better .
there 's nothing to gain from watching they .
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length .
if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
writer\/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
even if you ca n't pronounce `` gyro '' correctly , you 'll appreciate much of vardalos ' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries .
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .
though not for everyone , the guys is a somber trip worth taking .
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .
caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .
though haynes ' style apes films from the period ... its message is not rooted in that decade .
the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .
nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and showtime is crammed full of them .
it 's a very valuable film ...
-lrb- tries -rrb- to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the united states .
prurient playthings aside , there 's little to love about this english trifle .
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell .
for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .
... the last time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats .
if this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner , you ca n't wait to see what happens next .
now it 's just tired .
oscar wilde 's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century .
intended to be a comedy about relationships , this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area .
... nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects .
who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .
`` -lrb- hopkins -rrb- does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
for all its surface frenzy , high crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer .
for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .
... a great , participatory spectator sport . '
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .
birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it .
this is n't even madonna 's swept away .
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
it all seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .
the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies ... but the film suffers from its own difficulties .
for all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative , the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale .
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?
in the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .
a fascinating and fun film .
a hysterical yet humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face .
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .
at first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin .
although very much like the first movie based on j.k. rowling 's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude .
it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb .
macdowell , whose wifty southern charm has anchored lighter affairs ... brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .
worth the effort to watch .
thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades
often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .
` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
-lrb- the kid 's -rrb- just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .
the tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable .
one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .
any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
try as i may , i ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` thank you ! '
nair does n't treat the issues lightly .
what 's next : `` my mother the car ? ''
this romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
though it is by no means his best work , laissez-passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .
a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers .
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
except it 's much , much better .
as it turns out , you can go home again .
flaunts its quirky excesses like a new year 's eve drunk sporting a paper party hat .
-lrb- a -rrb- real pleasure in its laid-back way .
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
bennett 's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any ` reality ' show , and anybody contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch some body first .
despite besson 's high-profile name being wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
it 's great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again .
quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .
still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .
... would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie 's edges .
a highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle , and by the end , we only wish we could have spent more time in its world .
the movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as jules verne 's ' 20,000 leagues under the sea ' and the george pal version of h.g. wells ' ` the time machine . '
about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .
... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series .
nevertheless , it still seems endless .
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling .
a beautiful and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world .
it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so
forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .
smart , provocative and blisteringly funny .
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
what i saw , i enjoyed .
the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .
fresnadillo 's dark and jolting images have a way of plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that wo n't go away .
filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie .
if this story must be told and retold -- and indeed it must -- then the grey zone is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle .
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started .
good actress .
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .
ali 's graduation from little screen to big is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier .
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
it 's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one .
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
director nancy savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film , i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 .
frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead .
it 's young guns meets goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs .
not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
whereas last year 's exemplary sexy beast seemed to revitalize the british gangster movie , this equally brutal outing merely sustains it .
this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever .
the film 's greatest asset is how much it 's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture .
downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating .
if you recognize zeus -lrb- the dog from snatch -rrb- it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
apart from its own considerable achievement , metropolis confirms tezuka 's status as both the primary visual influence on the animé tradition and its defining philosophical conscience .
a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
-lrb- serry -rrb- wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition .
because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , ` swimfan ' left me with a very bad feeling .
what you end up getting is the vertical limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .
it is nature against progress .
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .
refreshing .
it 's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic ' .
it does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed over a 28k modem .
a movie that feels like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action tv series .
an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences .
it 's the kind of movie that ends up festooning u.s. art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it 's in french -lrb- well , mostly -rrb- with english subtitles and is magically ` significant ' because of that .
rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...
i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers .
the story itself is actually quite vapid .
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .
frankly , it 's pretty stupid .
it is an indelible epic american story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives .
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
an ugly , revolting movie .
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .
like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit .
i 'd give real money to see the perpetrators of chicago torn apart by dingoes .
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie .
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .
it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
intimate and panoramic .
while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that .
a delirious celebration of the female orgasm .
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .
i cry for i spy -- or i would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-tv spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind .
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
a film that suffers because of its many excesses .
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .
the structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never planned .
yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
enormously likable , partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd .
a potent allegorical love story .
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .
while howard 's appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast .
by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
i know we 're not supposed to take it seriously , but i ca n't shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .
while this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures , it 's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
all in all , the count of monte cristo is okay , but it is surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based .
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .
the movie makes absolutely no sense .
this off-putting french romantic comedy is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of amélie .
this is a very funny , heartwarming film .
it 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .
could as easily have been called ` under siege 3 : in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .
he 's super spy !
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .
marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .
it 's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn .
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
too clever by about nine-tenths .
it was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good .
this film biggest problem ?
nothing 's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away -- still , the derivative nine queens is lots of fun .
jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films .
entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes fatal attraction look like a classic by comparison ?
red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs .
sometimes , that 's enough .
ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out .
collateral damage finally delivers the goods for schwarzenegger fans .
an intoxicating experience .
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .
really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result does n't fully satisfy either the die-hard jason fans or those who can take a good joke .
-lrb- a -rrb- rare , beautiful film .
munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .
it 's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack .
as the latest bid in the tv-to-movie franchise game , i spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor .
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon\/bourne or his predicament .
mildly entertaining .
inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ...
nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .
accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue is n't smart , then you need to use more poetic license .
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers .
in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
it took 19 predecessors to get this ?
originality is sorely lacking .
although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
`` one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''
as schmidt , nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
an instant candidate for worst movie of the year .
despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
a tasty masala .
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
rain is a small treasure , enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic .
the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense .
the movie 's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries .
it confirms fincher 's status as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight .
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .
teens only .
a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney .
jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .
supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
the performances are uniformly good .
some may choose to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic but i think payne is after something darker .
if there 's one thing this world needs less of , it 's movies about college that are written and directed by people who could n't pass an entrance exam .
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
a gem of a movie .
just bring on the battle bots , please !
the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist .
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
kwan makes the mix-and - match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action .
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
a film with a great premise but only a great premise .
nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .
worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .
has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
goyer 's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .
well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
-lrb- villeneuve -rrb- seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .
a winning and wildly fascinating work .
merry friggin ' christmas !
it 's not that kung pow is n't funny some of the time -- it just is n't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all oedekerk 's impish augmentation .
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .
this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
the enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized .
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
a charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest dogme film and among the most enjoyable .
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
you need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work .
but they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away .
good movie .
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
extremely dumb .
interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes steals ` red dragon ' right from under their noses .
this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .
what parents will suspect is that they 're watching a 76-minute commercial .
we could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product .
the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached .
where bowling for columbine is at its most valuable is in its examination of america 's culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence .
it 's as if you 're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker .
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after -lrb- seagal 's -rrb- earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .
it 's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan .
aside from rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view , the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
-lrb- scherfig -rrb- has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .
writer\/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .
a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original .
outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent .
is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing .
it just does n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense .
but it does n't leave you with much .
but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
but it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
while some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
the new faces are interesting , but the old story is n't , especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted .
illuminating if overly talky documentary .
a minor work yet there 's no denying the potency of miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
`` interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
-lrb- a -rrb- slummer .
had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago .
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .
the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll .
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .
for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
if you saw it on tv , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
so few movies explore religion that it 's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler .
an intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected .
precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .
ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
it 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
to say this was done better in wilder 's some like it hot is like saying the sun rises in the east .
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .
this time mr. burns is trying something in the martin scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again .
ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year 's best acting , personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum .
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .
what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets -lrb- sci-fi -rrb- rehash .
tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .
the kind of spectacularly misconceived enterprise that only a sophisticated cinephile could have perpetrated .
it 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .
wait to see it then .
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong .
irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance ...
simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
a dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours ... a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle .
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
the draw -lrb- for `` big bad love '' -rrb- is a solid performance by arliss howard .
in moonlight mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .
at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .
the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and did n't reserve enough for his second .
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis .
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
the best part about `` gangs '' was daniel day-lewis .
the story is so light and sugary that were it a macy 's thanksgiving day parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away .
if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` how does steven seagal come across these days ? ''
with a `` spy kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?
rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .
what makes it worth watching is quaid 's performance .
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over .
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans .
a trite psychological thriller designed to keep the audience guessing and guessing -- which is not to be confused with suspecting -- until it comes time to wrap things up and send the viewers home .
you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .
it 's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .
it takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as ` worse than expected , ' but ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that .
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
i 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
as happily glib and vicious as its characters .
with its hints of a greater intelligence lurking somewhere , the ring makes its stupidity more than obvious .
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn .
this action-thriller\/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .
`` the ring '' is pretty much an english-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws .
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .
one of the funnier movies in town .
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
a grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level .
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .
with `` ichi the killer '' , takashi miike , japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman ...
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war .
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
scene-by-scene , things happen , but you 'd be hard-pressed to say what or why .
maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements .
unfortunately , the picture failed to capture me .
a well-acted , but one-note film .
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .
sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .
a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
veers uncomfortably close to pro-serb propaganda .
meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .
my wife is an actress is an utterly charming french comedy that feels so american in sensibility and style it 's virtually its own hollywood remake .
stay clear of reminding yourself that it 's a `` true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies .
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest .
the parts are better than the whole -lrb- bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in new york -rrb- .
all the well-meaningness in the world ca n't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi .
the story may not be new , but australian director john polson , making his american feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly .
visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .
sleek and arty .
viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama , there 's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source .
wait for pay per view or rental but do n't dismiss barbershop out of hand .
the modern remake of dumas 's story is long on narrative and -lrb- too -rrb- short on action .
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .
there are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .
do n't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches ...
-lrb- hayek -rrb- throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo .
enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later .
this is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
the son 's room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos .
though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
the old-world - meets-new mesh is incarnated in the movie 's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco bollywood that , by the end of monsoon wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater .
if you liked such movies as notting hill , four weddings and a funeral , bridget jones ' diary or high fidelity , then you wo n't want to miss about a boy .
what 's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .
a tender , heartfelt family drama .
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations .
and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
too daft by half ... but supremely good natured .
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea .
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
sweetly sexy , funny and touching .
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .
read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
unfortunately , that 's precisely what arthur dong 's family fundamentals does .
for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .
it 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
while certain cues , like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts , jeong-hyang lee 's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .
a mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser .
not everything works , but the average is higher than in mary and most other recent comedies .
even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .
finally coming down off of miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , waking up in reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .
not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute , it 's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined tv amiability that allen personifies .
led by griffin 's smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm , the cast has a lot of fun with the material .
charles ' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld 's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams ' attempts to get his shot at the big time .
woody , what happened ?
from the big giant titles of the opening credits to elmer bernstein 's perfectly melodic score , haynes gets just about everything right .
a quiet treasure -- a film to be savored .
every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol .
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .
an awful lot like one of -lrb- spears ' -rrb- music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .
one thing 's for sure -- if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
painful to watch , but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year 's most accomplished and riveting film performances .
-lrb- a -rrb- shapeless blob of desperate entertainment .
extremely boring .
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .
adaptation is simply brilliant .
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time .
jason x is positively anti-darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and jason still kills on auto-pilot .
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
gangster no. 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight .
ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
home alone goes hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even steven spielberg would know how to do .
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution .
this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .
all ms. jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters .
the comedy is nonexistent .
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .
pray has really done his subject justice .
aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters .
this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .
this clever caper movie has twists worthy of david mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .
when you think you 've figured out bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble : he 's the con , and you 're just the mark .
this illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the holy land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath .
a cartoon ?
the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat .
shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic .
some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie .
run , do n't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen .
a richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind .
-lrb- creates -rrb- the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
the overall effect is so completely inane that one would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten ... make that three minutes .
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make .
stay away .
the pool drowned me in boredom .
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms is n't it .
`` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different -lrb- and better -rrb- than most films with this theme .
mr. deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .
for a good chunk of its running time , trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .
a generic international version of a typical american horror film .
hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in burdette 's dialogue .
meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .
a compelling spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession .
a work of astonishing delicacy and force .
lurid and less than lucid work .
i enjoyed time of favor while i was watching it , but i was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory .
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
the entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what 's available is lovely and lovable .
it 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .
a great ending does n't make up for a weak movie , and crazy as hell does n't even have a great ending .
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack .
focuses on joan 's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her `` madness '' so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and $ 9.50 on this 21st century torture device .
the rest of the film ... is dudsville .
it 's also the year 's sweetest movie .
the name says it all .
the streets , shot by cinematographer michael ballhaus , may be as authentic as they are mean , but it is nearly impossible to care about what happens on them .
the best film of the year 2002 .
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .
too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .
secretary is just too original to be ignored .
under-rehearsed and lifeless
but they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
its generic villains lack any intrigue -lrb- other than their funny accents -rrb- and the action scenes are poorly delivered .
shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere .
the movie 's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach .
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .
a journey that 's too random and inconclusive to be compelling , but which hoffman 's brilliance almost makes worth taking .
it 's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke .
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp ?
i 'm not saying that ice age does n't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there 's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life .
the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
a free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments .
the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie 's power as a work of drama .
it 's a scorcher .
scooby dooby doo \/ and shaggy too \/ you both look and sound great .
this is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
graham greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
the sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready .
i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement .
the film meant well in its horse tale about freedom , but was n't able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing .
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
-lrb- it 's -rrb- a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy vinnie jones , but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy .
i weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider blue crush to be an intelligent film about young women .
this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone 's career .
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...
i hate this movie
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
davis ... is so enamored of her own creation that she ca n't see how insufferable the character is .
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
you bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .
perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen .
grating and tedious .
such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap .
or both .
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .
if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .
depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles .
predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .
this is a great subject for a movie , but hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director john woo has built his career on .
hip-hop has a history , and it 's a metaphor for this love story .
an unclassifiably awful study in self - and audience-abuse .
one of those energetic surprises , an original that pleases almost everyone who sees it .
stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .
if legendary shlockmeister ed wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from anne rice 's novel the vampire chronicles .
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard .
massoud 's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -lrb- and ultimately the victim -rrb- of history .
the central character is n't complex enough to hold our interest .
if you 're hard up for raunchy college humor , this is your ticket right here .
slick piece of cross-promotion .
a moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .
it does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .
there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
the voices are fine as well .
an impossible romance , but we root for the patronized iranian lad .
the material and the production itself are little more than routine .
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .
though avary has done his best to make something out of ellis ' nothing novel , in the end , his rules is barely worth following .
whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen .
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure .
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .
for the most part , it 's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions .
like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard .
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .
if the message seems more facile than the earlier films , the images have such a terrible beauty you may not care .
the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without rainwear .
it 's tough being a black man in america , especially when the man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance .
anthony hopkins ?
it 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .
but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .
many of benjamins ' elements feel like they 've been patched in from an episode of miami vice .
if we do n't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get .
she lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs .
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .
vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women .
` matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy .
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud .
if you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .
soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable .
most haunting about `` fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors .
ostensibly celebrates middle-aged girl power , even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive .
i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .
in fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .
most consumers of lo mein and general tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
as steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .
hilariously inept and ridiculous .
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
every good actor needs to do his or her own hamlet .
... plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments .
we have n't seen such hilarity since say it is n't so !
this is nothing but familiar territory .
it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about .
the most compelling wiseman epic of recent years .
serving sara does n't serve up a whole lot of laughs .
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down .
brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women 's depression .
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -lrb- or cinema seats -rrb- .
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' was .
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears . '
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust .
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich .
exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .
it 's not too much of anything .
it provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1.2 million palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of gaza .
a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow .
the plot is straight off the shelf , the performances are television - caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy .
no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
rob schneider , dana carvey and sarah michelle gellar in the philadelphia story ?
these are lives worth watching , paths worth following .
enduring love but exhausting cinema .
cinematic poo .
an extraordinarily silly thriller .
i had to look away - this was god awful .
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .
just plain silly .
it 's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown chelsea hotel ...
-lrb- davis -rrb- wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .
it is interesting and fun to see goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen .
with generic sets and b-grade special effects , jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as tv 's defunct cleopatra 2525 .
i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie does n't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand .
a quiet , pure , elliptical film
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .
extreme oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it 's still a mistake to go see it .
less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations .
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital .
for the most part , director anne-sophie birot 's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama .
in his first stab at the form , jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically .
a few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists ' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun .
directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man !
but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .
the title 's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is .
it 's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
this surreal gilliam-esque film is also a troubling interpretation of ecclesiastes .
this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche .
a compendium of solondz 's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes .
but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
flawed but worthy look at life in u.s. relocation camps .
-lrb- shyamalan -rrb- turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
... the one thing this wild film has that other imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house .
there 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park 's .
as it stands , there 's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more .
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
a savage john waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over .
plays as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights .
admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
this would-be ` james bond for the extreme generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .
one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .
all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .
andersson creates a world that 's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad .
there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .
she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
strident and inelegant in its ` message-movie ' posturing .
a mixed bag of a comedy that ca n't really be described as out of this world .
jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company .
it 's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .
because eight legged freaks is partly an homage to them , tarantula and other low - budget b-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly -lrb- but not sophomoric -rrb- romp through horror and hellish conditions .
like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
and diesel is n't the actor to save it .
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .
lacks dramatic punch and depth .
... the good and different idea -lrb- of middle-aged romance -rrb- is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` never again . ''
it 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison .
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
with exquisite craftsmanship ... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein 's brain .
certainly the big finish was n't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .
a mess when it comes to the characters and writing ... but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory .
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .
a movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm -lrb- wo n't be an -rrb- exceedingly memorable one for most people .
cry havoc and let slip the dogs of cheese , indeed .
despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel -lrb- or robert aldrich -rrb- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché .
the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .
those with an interest in new or singular sorts of film experiences will find what time is it there ?
a standard haunted house tale transplanted to the high seas .
going to the website may be just as fun -lrb- and scary -rrb- as going to the film .
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .
the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .
jones ... does offer a brutal form of charisma .
it 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries .
as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .
an excellent romp that boasts both a heart and a mind .
it 's fitfully funny but never really takes off .
this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms .
while this has the making of melodrama , the filmmaker cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that 's more interested in asking questions than in answering them .
too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper -lrb- and better -rrb- than pink floyd tickets .
the script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .
it 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
it 's dumb , but more importantly , it 's just not scary .
at heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance .
conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years .
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .
true tale of courage -- and complicity -- at auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable .
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
it 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
... watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life .
zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
cho 's fans are sure to be entertained ; it 's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i 'm not one of them .
everyone 's to blame here .
unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
a drama ?
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .
it 's a masterpiece .
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .
fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance .
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again .
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
aspires for the piquant but only really achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness .
it 's so underwritten that you ca n't figure out just where the other characters , including ana 's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of ana 's future .
the soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too .
like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .
this is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair .
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .
julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan .
` sophisticated ' viewers who refuse to admit that they do n't like it will likely call it ` challenging ' to their fellow sophisticates .
harmless fun .
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
i 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
i tried to read the time on my watch .
a disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by philip glass .
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .
it 's hard to believe that a relationship like holly and marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive .
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -lrb- crane -rrb- becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man .
its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time .
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american -lrb- and an america -rrb- always reaching for something just outside his grasp .
meanders between its powerful moments .
likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer .
succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies .
it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` look at this !
novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach .
if your senses have n't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you 're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket .
just how extreme are these ops ?
the long-range appeal of `` minority report '' should transcend any awards it bags .
howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective .
... the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs .
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .
there are films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them .
` tobey maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it 's a sitcom without the snap-crackle .
for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking .
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . '
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops .
beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama .
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit .
this is as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for , though lovers of the book may wonder why it 's necessary .
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .
it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery .
the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense .
if kaufman kept cameron diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape , in his latest , he 'd have them mate .
wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy , but it is n't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited .
slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot .
they 're going through the motions , but the zip is gone .
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences .
there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust .
and in a sense , that 's a liability .
lee jeong-hyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that i could n't help being captivated by it .
the movie is ingenious fun .
there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them .
by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , ... actually pretty good .
in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '
top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
-lrb- a -rrb- superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene 's 1955 novel .
the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .
the dark and bittersweet twist feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film .
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
circuit queens wo n't learn a thing , they 'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets .
but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting men in black mayhem to one part family values .
a modestly surprising movie .
... a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take .
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .
might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest .
viewers of `` the ring '' are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes .
although the editing might have been tighter , hush !
the 70-year-old godard has become , to judge from in praise of love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them .
sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery .
it drowns in sap .
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .
the best way to describe it is as a cross between paul thomas anderson 's magnolia and david lynch 's mulholland dr.
i simply ca n't recommend it enough .
a chiller resolutely without chills .
a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .
davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .
surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .
nervy and sensitive , it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives hollywood .
it 's a scattershot affair , but when it hits its mark it 's brilliant .
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .
their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
it 's a brilliant , honest performance by nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic kathy bates turns up .
an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story .
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
it wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee .
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .
this slow-moving swedish film offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
more intimate than spectacular , e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .
what 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
possibly not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .
land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...
sitting through the last reel -lrb- spoiler alert ! -rrb-
a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an orc from a uruk-hai .
without shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .
a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .
it is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs .
meyjes 's movie , like max rothman 's future , does not work .
the story and structure are well-honed .
an ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
my reaction in a word : disappointment .
superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .
begins as a promising meditation on one of america 's most durable obsessions but winds up as a slender cinematic stunt .
has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags .
no , i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
the film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles .
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .
cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .
in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
it 's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun .
formulaic to the 51st power , more like .
yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't - miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong .
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .
displays the potential for a better movie than what bailly manages to deliver
scorsese does n't give us a character worth giving a damn about .
` the film is stark , straightforward and deadly ... an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy . '
before long , the film starts playing like general hospital crossed with a saturday night live spoof of dog day afternoon .
adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
the film 's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments .
a film made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy hollywood caper flick .
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
this is a children 's film in the truest sense .
just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love .
highly irritating at first , mr. koury 's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .
yet the act is still charming here .
but it would be better to wait for the video .
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier .
ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .
the experience of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting .
a rather tired exercise in nostalgia .
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .
-lrb- morgan -rrb- , judd and franklin ca n't save the script , rooted in a novel by joseph finder , from some opportunism .
equal parts bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama .
this is junk food cinema at its greasiest .
for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .
whenever you think you 've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop .
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard ... and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels .
phoned-in business as usual .
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .
it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience .
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works , invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
the piano teacher is the sort of movie that discourages american audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film .
it 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .
i just loved every minute of this film .
nair and writer laura cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .
a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan 's heroes star bob crane .
a timid , soggy near miss .
everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify .
it 's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high .
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .
the idea of 49-year-old roberto benigni playing the wooden boy pinocchio is scary enough .
as the movie traces mr. brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .
is a mess .
defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone 's willingness to believe in it .
a deep and meaningful film .
despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair ...
but believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .
the movie 's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension .
it 's jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite .
for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .
if you 're like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then mostly martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite .
a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
action - mechanical .
poetry in motion captured on film .
sensitive though not quite revelatory documentary .
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .
damon brings the proper conviction to his role as -lrb- jason bourne -rrb- .
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
a simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past .
rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew .
diane lane shines in unfaithful .
a solid film ... but more conscientious than it is truly stirring .
like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
it helps that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well .
and it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
it 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way .
it does n't work as either .
woody allen 's latest is an ambling , broad comedy about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie biz .
like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone .
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane .
but then again , i hate myself most mornings .
i walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes .
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
the film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime .
though in some ways similar to catherine breillat 's fat girl , rain is the far superior film .
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid .
based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that writer 's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness .
it 's laughing at us .
i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story .
the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .
-lrb- sam 's -rrb- self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
the movie addresses a hungry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it does n't go too much further .
so faithful to the doldrums of the not-quite-urban , not-quite-suburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality check .
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
it 's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .
evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children -- and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good .
and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new .
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .
it 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it 's entertaining enough and worth a look .
nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations ...
overall , it 's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .
merchant has n't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage .
there are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting .
a close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .
a great script brought down by lousy direction .
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .
frida 's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it 's among the most breathtakingly designed films i 've ever seen .
the densest distillation of roberts ' movies ever made .
branagh , in his most forceful non-shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit .
crikey indeed .
the smash 'em - up , crash 'em - up , shoot 'em - up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense .
it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .
this piece of channel 5 grade trash is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast .
there are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected -lrb- and gentle -rrb- way .
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .
there can be no other explanation .
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .
you 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .
a splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience .
offers an unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole thing works .
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .
the master of disguise is awful .
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors .
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .
a science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left .
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .
over age 15 ?
this is the best american movie about troubled teens since 1998 's whatever .
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
it all feels like a monty python sketch gone horribly wrong .
what 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . '
nor is it a romantic comedy .
the film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
it 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .
the movie , directed by mick jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting .
if steven soderbergh 's ` solaris ' is a failure it is a glorious failure .
the movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in .
each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
or doing last year 's taxes with your ex-wife .
still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental .
they should have called it gutterball .
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled .
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .
hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it does n't .
as written by michael berg and michael j. wilson from a story by wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all .
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity .
a difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear .
this story still seems timely and important .
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy -lrb- if not entirely wholesome -rrb- fun .
maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make trouble every day any better .
it 's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone 's head
it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
if sinise 's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over .
a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes .
... the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity .
skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .
some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast .
unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers .
even fans of ismail merchant 's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
if this is the danish idea of a good time , prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps .
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .
more a gunfest than a rock concert .
thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters .
collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .
we can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer .
it collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .
about schmidt belongs to nicholson .
that works .
it should have stayed there .
i like frank the pug , though .
a crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss .
the thriller side of this movie is falling flat , as the stalker does n't do much stalking , and no cop or lawyer grasps the concept of actually investigating the case .
a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit .
stress ` dumb . '
a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving .
it 's obviously struck a responsive chord with many south koreans , and should work its magic in other parts of the world .
it dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .
the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure .
` yes , that 's right : it 's forrest gump , angel of death . '
jagger , stoppard and director michael apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
the film is full of charm .
i got a headache watching this meaningless downer .
that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits .
daughter from danang is a film that should be seen by all , especially those who are n't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war .
a genuine mind-bender .
into scrooge .
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .
everything about girls ca n't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
duvall is strong as always .
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending .
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .
there is no denying the power of polanski 's film ...
this english-language version ... does full honor to miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .
the level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter .
what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings .
a lifetime movie about men .
never comes together as a coherent whole .
... too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying .
but what is missing from it all is a moral .
a smart little indie .
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .
a supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .
like so many other allegedly scary movies , it gets so tangled up in the twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten .
the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
there are things to like about murder by numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements do n't gel .
fails to bring as much to the table .
quite frankly , i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
i wonder what the reaction of israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation .
plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad .
feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention .
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
possession is elizabeth barrett browning meets nancy drew , and it 's directed by ... neil labute .
this film puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers .
hoffman notches in the nuances of pain , but his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile -lrb- emphasized here -rrb- accent the humor of wilson 's plight , and that saves his pathos from drippiness .
the film may appear naked in its narrative form ... but it goes deeper than that , to fundamental choices that include the complexity of the catholic doctrine
... is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri .
taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise .
this is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
the movie should be credited with remembering his victims .
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
tennessee williams by way of oprah 's book club .
a masterpiece four years in the making .
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .
-lrb- less a movie than -rrb- an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
if you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , wasabi is a good place to start .
a real snooze .
the problems of the people in love in the time of money are hardly specific to their era .
this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .
when it 's on dry land , though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper .
the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful .
to the film 's credit , the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment .
think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star .
an unremarkable , modern action\/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title .
streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , `` big trouble '' is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .
i did n't laugh .
inside the film 's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it 's not that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat .
predictably soulless techno-tripe .
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up .
a valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the nba .
a heavy reliance on cgi technology is beginning to creep into the series .
... post-september 11 , `` the sum of all fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
yakusho and shimizu ... create engaging characterizations in imamura 's lively and enjoyable cultural mix .
time out is as serious as a pink slip .
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin .
an overstuffed compendium of teen-catholic-movie dogma .
what bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .
ray liotta and jason patric do some of their best work in their underwritten roles , but do n't be fooled : nobody deserves any prizes here .
symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
i do n't have an i am sam clue .
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .
... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
then lower them a bit more .
it 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads .
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat .
bland but harmless .
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .
quietly engaging .
coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
in all fairness , i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
exists then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise .
goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .
call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon .
it 's another video movie photographed like a film , with the bad lighting that 's often written off as indie film naturalism .
a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff .
its direction , its script , and weaver 's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that 's what you 're in the mood for .
an unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer\/director john mckay can swallow .
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches -lrb- vainly , i think -rrb- for something fresh to say .
... a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewers .
a painfully funny ode to bad behavior .
all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal ca n't disguise the fact that , really , we 've been here , done that .
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
does n't deserve a passing grade -lrb- even on a curve -rrb- .
if the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
plodding , peevish and gimmicky .
but in imax 3-d , the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .
a keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .
he 's a better actor than a standup comedian .
about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .
effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .
... both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner .
this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
in fessenden 's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale .
psychologically revealing .
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .
-- but certainly hard to hate .
as teen movies go , `` orange county '' is a refreshing change
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
oozes condescension from every pore .
a gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style favored by many directors of the iranian new wave .
glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism .
ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , ` what 's the point ? '
if you believe any of this , i can make you a real deal on leftover enron stock that will double in value a week from friday .
impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises .
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
as the story moves inexorably through its seven day timeframe , the picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing .
an imaginative comedy\/thriller .
the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .
this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work .
exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair .
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .
this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .
perhaps the grossest movie ever made .
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
on its own , it 's not very interesting .
... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
resident evil is what comes from taking john carpenter 's ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings .
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .
both awful and appealing .
if any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...
for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured .
cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
writhing under dialogue like ` you 're from two different worlds ' and ` tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability .
though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .
while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
makes s&m seem very romantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a delight .
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .
gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .
... in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
lawrence preaches strictly to the converted .
remember the kind of movie we were hoping `` ecks vs. sever '' or `` xxx '' was going to be ?
a giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of oscar-winners : susan sarandon and goldie hawn .
nothing more substantial than a fitfully clever doodle .
plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .
it 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
... a well-observed and disturbing little movie
immediately .
while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .
i know i should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .
a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
no one but a convict guilty of some truly heinous crime should have to sit through the master of disguise .
with recent tensions rekindled by the kathleen soliah trial and the upcoming trial of sla members emily and william harris , not to mention sept. 11 , its difficult these days to appreciate fire 's bright side .
an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .
suffers from a flat script and a low budget .
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .
pompous and garbled .
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups .
the film 's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film 's production design .
the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .
it 's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .
-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while .
flat , misguided comedy .
lazily directed by charles stone iii ... from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis .
oh , it 's extreme , all right .
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
catch it ... if you can !
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one .
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
william shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot ...
a captivating new film .
his healthy sense of satire is light and fun ...
without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace .
little more than a frothy vanity project .
it ca n't decide if it wants to be a mystery\/thriller , a romance or a comedy .
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .
you 'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot .
dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away .
while american adobo has its heart -lrb- and its palate -rrb- in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
just how these families interact may surprise you .
some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema .
it 's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more .
madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose .
`` me without you '' is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
it 's still worth a look .
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .
see it .
as a tolerable diversion , the film suffices ; a triumph , however , it is not .
if there 's a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs , i think it 's in projects like the -lrb- unfortunately r-rated -rrb- paid .
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work .
a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .
unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
an asian neo-realist treasure .
a graceless , witless attempt at mating some like it hot with the wwii espionage thriller .
the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides ... -lrb- and -rrb- personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy .
still , i thought it could have been more .
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s .
the movie is our story as much as it is schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale .
while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there 's much truth and no small amount of poetry in girls ca n't swim .
disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .
it does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .
the reality of the new live-action pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .
one of the most original american productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .
on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film .
it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood .
ms. fulford-wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating lolita turn .
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
it 's a movie -- and an album -- you wo n't want to miss .
those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves .
... liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
and there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene 's story ends .
-lrb- schweiger is -rrb- talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .
just pound away .
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway .
there 's a lot of good material here , but there 's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .
foster nails the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling .
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
director benoit jacquot , making his first opera-to-film translation with tosca , conveys the heaving passion of puccini 's famous love-jealousy - murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation .
disney aficionados will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical `` bedknobs and broomsticks , '' which also dealt with british children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime .
it 's an example of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking that stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director 's previous full frontal .
a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn .
this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance .
though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
without september 11 , collateral damage would have been just another bad movie .
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
we 're drawn in by the dark luster .
holden caulfield did it better .
bears resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences .
at once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
... the implication is kissinger may have decided that -- when it comes to truncheoning -- it 's better to give than to receive .
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis .
it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .
the script 's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off .
edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any mtv puffery .
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park -lrb- as well as one , ms. mirren , who did -rrb- , has succeeded beyond all expectation .
the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad .
i 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .
passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing .
a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race .
it may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns .
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
davis has energy , but she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly .
`` freaky friday , '' it 's not .
barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .
the movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany\/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster .
i 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up .
if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you 'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii .
... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge .
a pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking .
at its worst , it 's rambo - meets-john ford .
you wo n't believe much of it , but you will laugh at the audacity , at the who 's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all .
if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .
never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .
made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .
the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .
not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at .
the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up .
-lrb- soderbergh -rrb- tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .
... manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal .
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .
both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
an awfully good , achingly human picture .
ramsay , as in ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film .
star\/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
it 's just incredibly dull .
has a plot full of twists upon knots ... and a nonstop parade of mock-tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill .
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
there is n't a weak or careless performance amongst them .
c'mon !
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .
the last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others ' affections .
it represents better-than-average movie-making that does n't demand a dumb , distracted audience .
there 's not enough to sustain the comedy .
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
the film favors the scientific over the spectacular -lrb- visually speaking -rrb- .
what happens to john q ?
an uneven but intriguing drama that is part homage and part remake of the italian masterpiece .
it provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds .
it 's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks .
malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain .
intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed .
the character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and clayburgh does n't always improve the over-the-top mix .
-lrb- city -rrb- reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' -lrb- 1999 -rrb- and ` analyze that , ' promised -lrb- or threatened -rrb- for later this year .
a truly moving experience , and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal , clarify , and comfort .
birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments .
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
it is amusing , and that 's all it needs to be .
predictably melodramatic .
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius .
what would jesus do if he was a film director ?
i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .
director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building .
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .
a charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind .
simone is not a bad film .
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well .
competently directed but terminally cute drama .
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .
may puzzle his most ardent fans .
a film of quiet power .
as home movie gone haywire , it 's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , i 'd rather listen to old tori amos records .
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .
given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same , we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there is n't much .
this is n't just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby , it 's the cliffsnotes with pages missing .
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .
a simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them .
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon -lrb- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -rrb- ...
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
a mild , reluctant , thumbs down .
despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie
in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .
even the imaginative gore ca n't hide the musty scent of todd farmer 's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship .
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .
fun and nimble .
it 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .
the boys ' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story 's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements .
it 's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it 's about as exciting as a sunburn .
jonathan parker 's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving .
the biggest problem with this movie is that it 's not nearly long enough .
i 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks .
claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .
... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .
almost peerlessly unsettling .
the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .
entertains by providing good , lively company .
this directorial debut from music video show-off higuchinsky is all flash .
though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .
the master of disaster - it 's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy .
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
acting can not be acted .
what a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .
i was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness .
there 's plenty to impress about e.t.
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous .
there 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .
if you 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .
in auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
the first fatal attraction was vile enough .
falls neatly into the category of good stupid fun .
though certainly original in form , altar boys requires a taste for swamp thing-type animation , doubled with a deafening score .
the most horrific movie experience i 've had since `` ca n't stop the music . ''
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .
extraordinary debut from josh koury .
a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
that zhang would make such a strainingly cute film -- with a blind orphan at its center , no less -- indicates where his ambitions have wandered .
some actors steal scenes .
brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .
apart from dazzling cinematography , we 've seen just about everything in blue crush in one form or the other .
a very funny movie .
certainly .
so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt .
sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan .
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors .
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments .
hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .
a pleasant romantic comedy .
after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , scorsese 's best in more than a decade .
his -lrb- nelson 's -rrb- screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .
lead provocatuers testud and parmentier give superlative performances
unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .
adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .
an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss .
well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -lrb- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -rrb- .
if you adored the full monty so resoundingly that you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained .
though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
the main problem being that it 's only a peek .
majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places .
a must-see for the david mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking .
enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts ... what is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with cage 's best acting .
i do n't know precisely what to make of steven soderbergh 's full frontal , though that did n't stop me from enjoying much of it .
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
ihops do n't pile on this much syrup .
a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love .
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .
... a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life .
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .
impostor does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .
recoing 's fantastic performance does n't exactly reveal what makes vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat .
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo .
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time .
this beautifully animated epic is never dull .
you do n't have to know about music to appreciate the film 's easygoing blend of comedy and romance .
... wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .
... jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts .
no big hairy deal .
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse .
this heist flick about young brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of vin diesel , seth green and barry pepper .
we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride .
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .
some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills .
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .
a gripping , searing portrait of a lost soul trying to find her way through life .
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
... -lrb- the film -rrb- works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .
with three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations , it 's enough to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
if it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker 's son , more incredible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life 's urgent questions .
from beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .
what bloody sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .
low rent from frame one .
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
it would work much better as a one-hour tv documentary .
not one moment in the enterprise did n't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .
the seaside splendor and shallow , beautiful people are nice to look at while you wait for the story to get going .
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .
you 'd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold .
despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship .
it does n't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor ... it 's just plain bored .
i just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .
it thankfully goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that -lrb- jaglom -rrb- pursued with such enervating determination in venice\/venice .
kinnear does n't aim for our sympathy , but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth .
if you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film .
it 's hampered by a lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth .
might have been better off as a documentary , with less of mr. eyre 's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage .
once -lrb- kim -rrb- begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors , you may decide it 's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard .
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them .
it wo n't bust your gut -- and it 's not intended to -- it 's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke .
makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man 's greatness .
`` it 's all about the image . ''
the film 's implicit premise is that the faith of the tonga people is in every way inferior to that of john .
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
stealing harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
it 's fun lite .
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls .
a misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment .
-lrb- fincher 's -rrb- camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .
i watched the brainless insanity of no such thing with mounting disbelief .
execrable .
in my opinion , analyze that is not as funny or entertaining as analyze this , but it is a respectable sequel .
van wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase ` comedy gag . '
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
... has virtually no script at all ...
her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
it takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived .
true hollywood story .
indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild .
should have been someone else -
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .
aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better .
cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .
i would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that should n't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .
so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he 'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor .
remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ?
he may have meant the internet short saving ryan 's privates .
self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable .
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .
as allen 's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator david presson .
it trusts the story it sets out to tell .
it 's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
lan yu is at times too restrained , yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree .
there is no insight into the anguish of heidi 's life -- only a depiction of pain , today 's version of greek tragedy , the talk-show guest decrying her fate .
... while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks .
so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .
it 's absolutely spooky how lillard channels the shagster right down to the original casey kasem-furnished voice .
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .
there 's ... tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
like these russo guys lookin ' for their mamet instead found their sturges .
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures .
emerges as something rare , an issue movie that 's so honest and keenly observed that it does n't feel like one .
... in this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
-- that the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .
here , thankfully , they are .
one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .
tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure .
for dance completists only .
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula .
in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
once you get into its rhythm ... the movie becomes a heady experience .
it wo n't harm anyone , but neither can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it .
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .
the film 's almost unbearable portrait of sadness and grief transcends its specific story to speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle , and sometimes destroy , blood ties .
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .
you wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies .
this film is full of rabbits .
this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob 's excellent adventure seem understated .
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime .
too bad the former murphy brown does n't pop reese back .
when the heroes were actually under 40 ?
light , cute and forgettable .
the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it .
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
uneasy mishmash of styles and genres .
there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
the plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .
a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .
funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , `` a city where people still read . ''
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .
includes too much obvious padding .
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
the saturation bombing of reggio 's images and glass ' evocative music ... ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning .
fans of so-bad-they 're - good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess .
resourceful and ingenious entertainment .
the actors are fantastic .
despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
insanely hilarious !
davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine .
just send it to cranky .
alternately frustrating and rewarding .
a tv episode inflated past its natural length .
this is n't my favorite in the series , still i enjoyed it enough to recommend .
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .
does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .
in the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation , like mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .
in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura .
the movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , rocky-like moments ... but it 's such a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much .
you 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .
feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .
but it still jingles in the pocket .
weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family .
the film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ?
if only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con .
its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ?
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
a bit of an unwieldy mess .
uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .
an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it .
the first half bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .
frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the kahlo movie frida fans have been looking for .
far away .
the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character .
snow dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .
while much of the cast has charm -- especially allodi and nolden -- the performers are sunk by the film 's primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy .
thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
a tv style murder mystery with a few big screen moments -lrb- including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether -rrb- .
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment .
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .
even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
the movie is for fans who ca n't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it .
münch 's genuine insight makes the film 's occasional overindulgence forgivable .
an entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart .
morvern rocks .
teen movies have really hit the skids .
the intent is almost exactly the same -lrb- as the full monty -rrb- .
the 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you ca n't fight your culture .
exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids .
full of witless jokes , dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios , and saddled with a general air of misogyny
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
it moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it does n't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise .
sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good .
after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .
if you 're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
simplistic fluff-ball of whimsy .
too silly to be frightening , too stolid to be funny , it projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star , david arquette .
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat .
ca n't kick about the assembled talent and the russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers .
it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another .
though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter .
the trailer is a riot .
plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on `` the simpsons '' has .
it 's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who ca n't come up with legitimate funny , and it 's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed .
your stomach for heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn .
there 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .
a. . .
this sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder .
`` my god , i 'm behaving like an idiot ! ''
thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .
unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
hey , at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it 's heading .
too slow , too long and too little happens .
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
intriguing and downright intoxicating .
it 's also stupider .
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .
a breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat .
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick
bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts .
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .
this ill-fitting tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack .
just watch bettany strut his stuff .
if you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work .
a fanciful drama about napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory .
this is pure , exciting moviemaking .
-lrb- allen 's -rrb- best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be .
the documentary does little , apart from raising the topic , to further stoke the conversation .
cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
like the best 60 minutes exposé , the film -lrb- at 80 minutes -rrb- is actually quite entertaining .
if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
proves mainly that south korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their hollywood counterparts .
this limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982 's tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh .
feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network .
-lrb- a -rrb- smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .
no movement , no yuks , not much of anything .
now , if it only had a brain .
an inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
works because , for the most part , it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop .
lathan and diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .
thanks to haynes ' absolute control of the film 's mood , and buoyed by three terrific performances , far from heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act .
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
it is ridiculous , of course ... but it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness .
and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy .
a soggy , shapeless mess ... just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie .
bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but i 've got to give it thumbs down .
shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme .
spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
even if you do n't think -lrb- kissinger 's -rrb- any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he 'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .
is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation .
chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise \*\*\* .
i doubt anyone will remember the picture by the time christmas really rolls around , but maybe it 'll be on video by then .
dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny .
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest the mummy returns .
... del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .
george , hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please .
a cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency .
pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous .
in trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .
it 's so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic oliver parker intends to mangle next time .
director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , bogs down in genre cliches here .
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance ...
his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos .
aan opportunity wasted .
a warm , funny , engaging film .
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .
the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .
a lot smarter than your average bond .
the film 's only missteps come from the script 's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of abagnale 's antics .
it 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .
-lrb- gai -rrb- comes closer to any actress i can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form .
maybe leblanc thought , `` hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well .
as blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , el bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance .
on the right track to something that 's creepy and effective ... it 's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there .
it 's like a poem .
one of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .
the movie is without intent .
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
a relative letdown .
starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés .
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .
not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted .
the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director\/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .
just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after -lrb- or during -rrb- consumption of its second half .
children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
myers never knows when to let a gag die ; thus , we 're subjected to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another .
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .
what 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .
atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .
... even if you 've never heard of chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen .
it would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun .
what was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical .
normally , rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .
even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy ... even for disney .
we get the comedy we settle for .
a stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in australia 's film history .
essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
you ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
it 's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the american people to see what a candidate is like when he 's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech .
sly , sophisticated and surprising .
what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .
perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about .
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
feels untidily honest .
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare .
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
national lampoon 's van wilder could be the worst thing to come out of national lampoon since class reunion
his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .
brisk hack job .
yet another weepy southern bore-athon .
... a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance
it shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare .
although german cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world 's best cuisine , mostly martha could make deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .
directors harry gantz and joe gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves are n't all that interesting .
and a very rainy day .
i like it .
the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
karmen moves like rhythm itself , her lips chanting to the beat , her long , braided hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat .
mr. clooney , mr. kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
you would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .
uncommonly stylish but equally silly ... the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions .
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .
lauren ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist .
the sight of the name bruce willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind -- maybe too much .
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .
the film 's essentially over by the meet-cute .
it extends the writings of jean genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of goya .
an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .
fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters .
-lrb- a -rrb- crushing disappointment .
press the delete key .
first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course .
marries the amateurishness of the blair witch project with the illogic of series 7 : the contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie .
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago ...
fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .
the ingenious construction -lrb- adapted by david hare from michael cunningham 's novel -rrb- constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
the biggest problem with roger avary 's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .
a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .
the film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner .
it 's clear that mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent .
heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension .
mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money .
a mix of velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake lacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original .
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .
despite its visual virtuosity , ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still do n't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another .
missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
no thanks .
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .
quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ?
everytime you think undercover brother has run out of steam , it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .
flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey .
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script
a fine film , but it would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories .
if the ' 70 's were your idea of a good time at the movies , this will make you very happy .
-lrb- drumline -rrb- is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it does n't do .
it may be an easy swipe to take , but this barbershop just does n't make the cut .
no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .
` christian bale 's quinn -lrb- is -rrb- a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting .
the passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .
eric byler 's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations ...
-lrb- cho 's face is -rrb- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
part three stooges .
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
the good thing -- the only good thing -- about extreme ops is that it 's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving to-do list .
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
if you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .
nonsensical , dull `` cyber-horror '' flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting .
it arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications .
the cartoon that is n't really good enough to be on afternoon tv is now a movie that is n't really good enough to be in theaters .
while it would be easy to give crush the new title of two weddings and a funeral , it 's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of hugh grant whimsy .
you do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .
we get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle .
-lrb- a -rrb- soulless , stupid sequel ...
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .
if you think it 's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy the hot chick .
a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of moore 's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée .
he 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer .
parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '
michel piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .
it is not what you see , it is what you think you see .
as a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places being pushed and pulled -lrb- literally and figuratively -rrb- by desire ... -lrb- sex and lucía -rrb- makes for an arousing good time .
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .
van wilder does n't bring anything new to the proverbial table , but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crass-a-thons like tomcats , freddy got fingered , and slackers .
between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
it 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be .
collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9 \/ 11 , an antique , in the end .
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
the movie has a script -lrb- by paul pender -rrb- made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .
the movie 's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
genuinely unnerving .
occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for zhao .
writer\/director joe carnahan 's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic .
smart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way .
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time .
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .
so here it is : it 's about a family of sour immortals .
japanese director shohei imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .
some studio pizazz might have helped .
a moving and important film .
ah , the travails of metropolitan life !
the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .
buy popcorn .
it 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
it may not be `` last tango in paris '' but ...
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable .
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
but what about the countless other people who 'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul ?
de niro cries .
where the film falters is in its tone .
in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .
it 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen .
... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed .
rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes .
arty gay film .
dissing a bond movie is quite like calling a dog stupid , but when it has the temerity to run over two hours , you feel like winding up with a kick .
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .
rarely , a movie is more than a movie .
still , i 'm not quite sure what the point is ...
how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts .
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad .
the movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people .
you get the idea , though , that kapur intended the film to be more than that .
you have no affinity for most of the characters .
there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .
on that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .
they threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy .
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant .
but even then , i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .
a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists .
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema .
in spite of good housekeeping 's unsavory characters and wwf mentality , this white trash war of the roses is a surprisingly engaging film .
as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , -lrb- franco -rrb- has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .
-lrb- l -rrb- ame and unnecessary .
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
it 's a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story .
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .
it 's difficult to say whether the tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing -- i 'm prepared to call it a draw .
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore 's the scarlet letter .
instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film 's more determined to become the next texas chainsaw massacre .
grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors .
made by jackasses for jackasses .
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
it 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
for all of the contemporary post-colonialist consciousness that kapur tries to bring to the four feathers , the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear .
colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , burkinabe filmmaker dani kouyate 's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .
a `` home alone '' film that is staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .
fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven ; others need not necessarily apply .
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .
a subtle and well-crafted -lrb- for the most part -rrb- chiller .
baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer .
lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically .
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
the best revenge may just be living well because this film , unlike other dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence .
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .
troubling and powerful .
and that makes all the difference .
it rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
... irritating soul-searching garbage .
if you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .
a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python 's meaning of life .
has it ever been possible to say that williams has truly inhabited a character ?
average , at best , i 'm afraid .
it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture .
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
he gets his secretary to fax it . ''
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .
... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
shrewd but pointless .
what makes the movie work -- to an admittedly limited extent -- is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers .
it may sound like a mere disease-of - the-week tv movie , but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses seldahl and wollter .
... a light , yet engrossing piece .
-lrb- fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall -rrb- show us the world they love and make us love it , too .
why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ?
for all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there 's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love 's dissolution .
writer\/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .
and he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .
waiting for godard can be fruitful : ` in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself .
this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .
for single digits kidlets stuart little 2 is still a no brainer .
the writers , director wally wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : kappa rho alpha phi .
the plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset .
little more than a well-mounted history lesson .
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .
digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world .
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious .
a few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .
the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
a true-blue delight .
as a belated nod to some neglected all-stars , standing in the shadows of motown is cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining .
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
a reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided .
keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
combines improbable melodrama -lrb- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -rrb- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .
a sophomoric exploration of ` life problems ' most people solved long ago -- or at least got tired of hearing people kvetch about .
a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back .
a witty , whimsical feature debut .
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good .
nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition .
clayburgh and tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves eric schaeffer .
the beautiful , unusual music is this film 's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep .
we 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
since lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random e !
like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .
ruzowitzky has taken this mothball-y stuff and made a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment out of it .
a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric ` scream . '
it 's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit cherish .
-lrb- it -rrb- has the feel of a summer popcorn movie .
late marriage 's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep u.s. viewers off their feet .
i enjoyed the ride -lrb- bumps and all -rrb- , creamy depth , and ultimate theme .
pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick .
despite its flaws ... belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
manages to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas .
without heavy-handedness , dong provides perspective with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions .
... lacks the punch and verve needed to make this genre soar .
it 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
it 's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf .
where last time jokes flowed out of cho 's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line , here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines .
parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core .
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it .
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .
ethan hawke has always fancied himself the bastard child of the beatnik generation and it 's all over his chelsea walls .
tom green just gives them a bad odor .
there 's ... an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm .
what saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
simply put , `` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece .
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience
too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .
it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork .
liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , goodfellas image .
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
whether -lrb- binoche and magimel -rrb- are being charming or angst-ridden , they easily fill their scenes and , fine judges both , never overcook the hysteria .
-lrb- t -rrb- he ideas of revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .
there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit .
if you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film .
this is an interesting movie ! ''
no better or worse than ` truth or consequences , n.m. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater .
some actors have so much charisma that you 'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book .
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -lrb- or worth rooting against , for that matter -rrb- .
the film delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
what 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .
but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .
it 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard -lrb- eileen walsh -rrb- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .
this extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long .
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .
journalism of the 1960s .
the best that can be said about the work here of scottish director ritchie ... is that he obviously does n't have his heart in it .
one of the worst films of 2002 .
it is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come .
the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what -lrb- evans -rrb- had , lost , and got back .
likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ?
the movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself .
de ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter .
too bad none of it is funny .
you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie 's failings .
but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still .
... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .
but toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -lrb- unintentionally -rrb- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .
that 's because relatively nothing happens .
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy .
` charly ' will divide its audience in two separate groups , those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy ...
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing .
if you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you .
goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .
triumph of love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree .
this slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon .
a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ?
norton holds the film together .
it 's so mediocre , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just ca n't get no satisfaction .
or some damn thing .
a big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler that delivers its diversions in grand , uncomplicated fashion .
this pep-talk for faith , hope and charity does little to offend , but if saccharine earnestness were a crime , the film 's producers would be in the clink for life .
there is n't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients .
we 've already seen the prequel to the silence of the lambs and hannibal -- and it was better the first time .
mention `` solaris '' five years from now and i 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .
the film is all over the place , really .
people cinema at its finest .
should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor .
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .
an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding .
drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the - past numbness .
anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in ` the ring . '
-lrb- a -rrb- strong piece of work .
jonah is only so-so ... the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it .
even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
even better than the first one !
hugh grant 's act is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
the camera whirls !
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas .
\/ but daphne , you 're too buff \/ fred thinks he 's tough \/ and velma - wow , you 've lost weight !
romanek keeps the film constantly taut ... reflecting the character 's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score .
though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .
an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida .
john mctiernan 's botched remake may be subtler than norman jewison 's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga .
so earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script .
like a fish that 's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
the film can depress you about life itself .
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners ca n't overcome , but it 's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling .
the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .
you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . '
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
the only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy , jovial team .
first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film .
fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense .
all i can say is fuhgeddaboutit .
dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .
though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed ... that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr. schepisi 's seems skimpy and unclear .
the film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .
the techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are chan and hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we ca n't recommend anything but a rental for the tuxedo .
the film oozes craft .
as well-acted and well-intentioned as all or nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome .
he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
essentially an exceptionally well-written , well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald rip-off of aliens .
bennett 's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that 's tough to shake .
star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .
... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness -lrb- the way chekhov is funny -rrb- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
the charming result is festival in cannes .
watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it .
ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 .
film ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout .
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
nicks , seemingly uncertain what 's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy .
it 's always enthralling .
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .
as if drop dead gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest .
that 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . ''
empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
it is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective .
lookin ' for sin , american-style ?
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .
long time dead ?
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution .
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .
dense and thoughtful and brimming with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed .
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version .
the tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern china in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology .
the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ?
the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .
the picture is a primer on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn .
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
but when it does , you 're entirely unprepared .
the overall effect is less like a children 's movie than a recruitment film for future hollywood sellouts .
a sense of real magic , perhaps .
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema .
the movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
is it a total success ?
every nanosecond of the the new guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable .
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation .
warmed-over hash .
does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in - the-blanks with a tragic past .
like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again .
i regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
` it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
a giggle a minute .
its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper .
conceptually brilliant ... plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -lrb- young bow wow fans -rrb- - with nothing but net .
it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .
the filmmakers lack the nerve ... to fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor .
the filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it 's that life stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women .
diane lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences .
what results is the best performance from either in years .
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .
a subtle variation on i spit on your grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men .
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .
it 's this memory-as-identity obviation that gives secret life its intermittent unease , reaffirming that long-held illusions are indeed reality , and that erasing them recasts the self .
if you love him , you 'll like it .
it 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .
dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .
culkin , who 's in virtually every scene , shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield .
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
as part of mr. dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .
this is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema 's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable .
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .
a refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary american film .
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
-lrb- a -rrb- thoughtful , visually graceful work .
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday .
a sober and affecting chronicle of the leveling effect of loss .
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone 's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america .
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
compellingly watchable .
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .
... a confusing drudgery .
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
it 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
how on earth , or anywhere else , did director ron underwood manage to blow $ 100 million on this ?
indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie .
it 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
none of these characters resembles anyone you 've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter .
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .
the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously .
the film apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other .
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
the pleasures of super troopers may be fleeting , but they 'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor .
but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
leigh makes these lives count .
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
it 's endearing to hear madame d. refer to her husband as ` jackie ' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer .
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite .
full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
there 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all .
the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
the central story lacks punch .
while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film .
although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .
an enjoyable film for the family , amusing and cute for both adults and kids .
at its best -lrb- and it does have some very funny sequences -rrb- looking for leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be .
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .
a few artsy flourishes aside , narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days .
it 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
we need -lrb- moore 's -rrb- noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks , we need his stones .
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .
-lrb- p -rrb- artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting .
set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york .
guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .
the film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .
all of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness .
most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant .
being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
it 's all surface psychodramatics .
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed .
you leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .
the movie is well done , but slow .
denis o'neill 's script avoids the prime sports cliche , a last-second goal to win the championship , but it neglects few others .
murder by numbers ' is n't a great movie , but it 's a perfectly acceptable widget .
there 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .
has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .
kung pow is oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it does n't disgrace it , either .
a savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in america 's culture of fear .
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .
i whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie -- for its historical significance alone .
the story the movie tells is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .
rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .
although olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .
neatly constructed thriller .
it 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
this is wild surreal stuff , but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you 're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other .
but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .
the re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .
the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut .
it 's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue .
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible .
the inevitable double - and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how john malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .
the all-french cast is marveilleux .
i love the robust middle of this picture .
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -lrb- 1984 -rrb- to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation .
the screenplay sabotages the movie 's strengths at almost every juncture .
good-naturedly cornball sequel .
all these developments and challenges facing santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility .
it 's not hateful .
all the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh .
like other great documentaries ... this goes after one truth -lrb- the ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -rrb- and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
sweet and memorable film .
does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago .
the most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 miles to graceland .
possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure .
this kind of dark comedy requires a delicate , surgical touch .
the ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch .
it 's of the quality of a lesser harrison ford movie - six days , seven nights , maybe , or that dreadful sabrina remake .
in a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the discovery channel .
katz uses archival footage , horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all is the song itself
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line .
less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan .
i 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point .
it 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
the art demands live viewing .
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .
wow .
the whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels .
never does `` lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan . ''
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots .
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
it 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .
he 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
a really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film .
an enchanting spectacular for potter fans anxious to ride the hogwarts express toward a new year of magic and mischief .
the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare .
... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
triple x is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude .
cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate vincent 's days
an intelligent , earnest , intimate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you 're getting its metaphysical point .
chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama .
it just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read stevenson 's book , which is a treasure in and of itself .
the animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but jonah ... never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment .
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .
david spade as citizen kane ?
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
may be spoofing an easy target -- those old ' 50 's giant creature features -- but ... it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production does n't work for me .
a beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in iran .
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
an infuriating film .
never -lrb- sinks -rrb- into exploitation .
polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .
10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
as a rumor of angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even ms. redgrave 's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality .
one groan-inducing familiarity begets another .
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
i walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .
huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .
it 's a quirky , off-beat project .
a processed comedy chop suey .
maid in manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
sure , i hated myself in the morning .
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .
the film 's snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone .
you 've seen them a million times .
the crap continues .
the warm presence of zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be .
the photographer 's show-don ` t-tell stance is admirable , but it can make him a problematic documentary subject .
it 's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .
the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn .
and more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
almost gags on its own gore .
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .
it 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing .
the results are far more alienating than involving .
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .
first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .
griffin & co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
i suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .
if it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .
it is also , at times , curiously moving .
the thrill is -lrb- long -rrb- gone .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
while we want macdowell 's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .
everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids .
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it .
what an embarrassment .
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .
if there 's one big point to promises , it 's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other .
-lrb- w -rrb- hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall 's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands .
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining !
it is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one .
serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst .
assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .
not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it 's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it .
the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .
it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .
the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it 's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge .
rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations .
the story feels more like a serious read , filled with heavy doses of always enticing sayles dialogue .
it 's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
it 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .
what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
... myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-tarantino pop-culture riffs ...
if you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands .
your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but .
that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .
moore 's performance impresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995 's safe .
it 's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth .
cq 's reflection of artists and the love of cinema-and-self suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best european directors .
a predictable , manipulative stinker .
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies .
` rare birds ' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down .
a work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director eric byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy .
just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos .
one of the smartest takes on singles culture i 've seen in a long time .
it 's fun , but it 's a real howler .
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films .
it 's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our hollywood has all but lost .
that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .
not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by the piano teacher .
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold .
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other john woo flick for that matter .
there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
there 's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache .
plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story .
an opportunity missed .
you bet .
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24\/7 .
at times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it 's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do .
this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .
the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll .
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .
hart 's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
britney spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .
expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished .
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .
ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .
in the telling of a story largely untold , bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .
300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
if only it were , well , funnier .
has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it 's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick .
the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast is n't the least bit mesmerizing .
does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .
cube 's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche .
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .
as if to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges , kathryn bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness .
thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality ... takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the croc hunter agenda .
watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode .
it 's made with deftly unsettling genre flair .
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
` martin lawrence live ' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
mildly amusing .
a perceptive , good-natured movie .
morrissette 's script and direction show a fair amount of intelligence and wit -- but it does n't signify a whole lot either .
the crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us .
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone .
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner laurence coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .
now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism .
zhang ... has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .
gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife .
to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
if reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show is n't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time .
with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .
the film has several strong performances .
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .
you might not buy the ideas .
or intelligent .
not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers .
worth watching for dong jie 's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change .
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .
great dragons !
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
-lrb- majidi -rrb- makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day .
but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
a beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel .
a weird , arresting little ride .
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .
despite hoffman 's best efforts , wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before .
it 's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force .
this is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
ruh-roh !
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .
an inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of vietnamese refugees living in u.s. relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 .
... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ?
about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the american dream .
... they missed the boat .
stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond 's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , ` tis .
what you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .
the movie 's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow .
that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .
andy garcia enjoys one of his richest roles in years and mick jagger gives his best movie performance since , well , performance .
a worthwhile way to spend two hours .
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character .
for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
it labours as storytelling .
after making several adaptations of other writers ' work , armenian-canadian director atom egoyan broached an original treatment of a deeply personal subject .
the movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
it 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
like brosnan 's performance , evelyn comes from the heart .
ararat feels like a book report
ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ?
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence .
together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death .
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it .
smith profiles five extraordinary american homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it 's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities .
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
it 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
this self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy stealing harvard , but he 's the most obvious one .
tim story 's not there yet - but ` barbershop ' shows he 's on his way .
... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
most impressive , though , is the film 's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters ' emotional wounds .
it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic .
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings .
it wo n't be long before you 'll spy i spy at a video store near you .
just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .
the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .
this version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire .
too bad .
but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell .
samuel beckett applied to the iranian voting process .
forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of friday-night excitement and milla power .
the dangerous lives of altar boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true .
more precious than perspicacious
what you get with empire is a movie you 've seen many times before , repackaged as new material because there is a latino in the lead .
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
feral and uncomfortable .
filled with alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .
we started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine .
a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
... an agreeable time-wasting device -- but george pal 's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs .
a bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror .
the so-inept - it 's - surreal dubbing -lrb- featuring the voices of glenn close , regis philbin and breckin meyer -rrb- brings back memories of cheesy old godzilla flicks .
serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't .
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .
bad .
it 's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it 's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit .
despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer .
if you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .
overall very good for what it 's trying to do .
seems like someone going through the motions .
... delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .
this boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy .
should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .
and that is where ararat went astray .
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie .
we 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher .
you live the mood rather than savour the story .
i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd .
that 's a cheat .
it 's a grab bag of genres that do n't add up to a whole lot of sense .
anyway , for one reason or another , crush turns into a dire drama partway through .
-lrb- screenwriter -rrb- pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation .
it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard -lrb- which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog -rrb- is that it 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered .
good performances keep it from being a total rehash .
smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities .
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .
the series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .
it 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .
a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon .
a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 .
at least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .
columns from ladies home journal ...
what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we 've shared a great adventure .
all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .
when the violence actually shocked ?
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .
imagine the cleanflicks version of ` love story , ' with ali macgraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .
it 's another retelling of alexandre dumas ' classic .
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy .
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing .
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
this is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director dario argento -lrb- a producer here -rrb- , but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic .
it still feels like a prison stretch .
it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original .
the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its labor day weekend upload , feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits .
how inept is serving sara ?
a long-winded , predictable scenario .
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations
make like the title and dodge this one .
this is a good movie in spurts , but when it does n't work , it 's at important times .
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
it 's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker 's movie adaptation .
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible
when the first few villians are introduced as `` spider '' and `` snake '' you know you 're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak .
-lrb- at least -rrb- moore is a real charmer .
monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .
the kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself .
it 's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the marks family .
a jewish ww ii doc that is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience !
a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .
birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
- i also wanted a little alien as a friend !
the terrific and bewilderingly underrated campbell scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing .
a quietly reflective and melancholy new zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13-year-old girl 's life .
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . '
go .
pascale bailly 's rom-com provides amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest .
it 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .
while -lrb- roman coppola -rrb- scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story .
secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny .
a dazzling dream of a documentary .
the movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .
very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan
awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
though jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
if you 're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere .
returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters , sandler , who also executive produces , has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy .
while the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat 's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest , the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun .
could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling .
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
call this the full monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux .
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist -lrb- not to mention gently political -rrb- meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending .
if you like peace , you 'll like promises .
i kept wishing i was watching a documentary about the wartime navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious hollywood hoo-ha .
spy-vs .
`` red dragon '' is entertaining .
one of the best , most understated performances of -lrb- jack nicholson 's -rrb- career .
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned .
in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .
boy oh boy , it 's a howler .
represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller\/horror genre .
an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .
this is n't a `` friday '' worth waiting for .
as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
not even solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
is office work really as alienating as ` bartleby ' so effectively makes it ?
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress .
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .
lush and beautifully photographed -lrb- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -rrb- , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .
it is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival .
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .
has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy ca n't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original .
a pale xerox of other , better crime movies .
being author wells ' great-grandson , you 'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material .
this movie is a snow emergency .
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
... with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , i realized this is a throwaway movie that wo n't stand the test of time .
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .
while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
with a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard .
but it was n't .
this is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but it 's certainly not a champion - the big loser is the audience .
not just unlikable .
his comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level .
it delivers some chills and sustained unease , but flounders in its quest for deeper meaning .
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
... tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry .
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls .
the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you 'll read anywhere .
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
it is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish .
who needs love like this ?
it 's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that does n't feel it has to prove anything .
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -lrb- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -rrb- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ? '
never once predictable .
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .
there 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
here polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
if you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue , they still would n't add up to the time required to boil a four - minute egg .
but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .
enigma lacks it .
the film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in .
far more enjoyable than its predecessor .
narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess .
nothing is black and white .
provides an intriguing window into the imagination and hermetic analysis of todd solondz .
light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .
by the end , i was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious .
but , like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
-lrb- ferrera -rrb- has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
even the finest chef ca n't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and robert de niro ca n't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy .
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
it 's a film that hinges on its casting , and glover really does n't fit the part .
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant .
what we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .
there 's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -lrb- restored -rrb- third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .
until -lrb- the -rrb- superfluous ... epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , die another day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any james bond thriller .
but how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .
there 's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself .
it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .
not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france .
most of crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness .
it does give you a peek .
the problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise , mr. desplechin is content to state it .
by-the-numbers yarn .
there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .
generally provides its target audience of youngsters enough stimulating eye and ear candy to make its moral medicine go down .
... ice age treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that wo n't win many fans over the age of 12 .
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day .
... an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
you can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling .
an unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .
opera on film is never satisfactory .
breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .
passion , lip-synching , tragedy , and lots of really really high notes .
or for the year , for that matter .
it is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie ... but it is also weirdly fascinating , a ready-made eurotrash cult object .
a sweet-natured reconsideration of one of san francisco 's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads .
dogtown and z-boys more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become `` the punk kids ' revolution . ''
better to just call it abc kiarostami .
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .
the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible .
just what makes us happy , anyway ?
an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living .
it 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless .
is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilco 's last album ?
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul .
birot 's directorial debut -lrb- she co-wrote the script with christophe honoré -rrb- is n't so much bad as it is bland .
forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending .
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .
possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
twenty years later , e.t. is still a cinematic touchstone .
morton deserves an oscar nomination .
the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh 's three lead actresses .
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china .
it may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate .
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .
less worrying about covering all the drama in frida 's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .
it 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .
the setting is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game .
feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place .
despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei 's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy .
... turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .
` god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .
pryor lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs .
a loquacious and dreary piece of business .
drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .
it 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough .
the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced .
as spent screen series go , star trek : nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there 's nothing to drink .
`` birthday girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
a film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .
features fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
like schindler 's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
shallow , noisy and pretentious .
hard , endearing , caring , warm .
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming .
technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial .
in execution , this clever idea is far less funny than the original , killers from space .
rare birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable .
paid in full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from brian de palma 's scarface .
hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .
the only thing in pauline and paulette that you have n't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers .
together writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards .
one gets the impression the creators of do n't ask do n't tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy .
ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless .
borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
how anyone over the age of 2 can stomach the touchy-feely message this preachy produce promotes is beyond us .
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
it further declares its director , zhang yang of shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future .
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie .
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .
they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
if you 're not into the pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years wo n't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open .
you would n't call the good girl a date movie -lrb- an anti-date movie is more like it -rrb- , but when it 's good , it 's good and horrid .
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
mixes likeable personalities , inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun .
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .
as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson 's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame .
ana 's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique ...
i loved the look of this film .
too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience .
this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed tosca that you want .
unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
and second , what 's with all the shooting ?
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' .
there was time on that second round to see the subtleties of ramsay 's portrait of grief .
at its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best .
adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse .
its director 's most substantial feature for some time .
both lead performances are oscar-size .
an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment .
as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up .
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .
it 's a lovely film with lovely performances by buy and accorsi .
a well-crafted letdown .
arguably the best script that besson has written in years .
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .
the audacity to view one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .
unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` scooby ' do n't .
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .
die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it 's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with .
it 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
there 's no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong .
just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail .
we learn a lot about dying coral and see a lot of life on the reef .
director uwe boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback .
sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness .
shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi 's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives .
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
a life-size reenactment of those jack chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire .
who cares ? -rrb- .
why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
it is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .
none of birthday girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...
while you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet , you 're a jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . ''
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short .
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
in the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . ''
visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it .
the chocolate factory without charlie .
while the stoically delivered hokum of hart 's war is never fun , it 's still a worthy addition to the growing canon of post-saving private ryan tributes to the greatest generation .
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered .
biggie and tupac is so single-mindedly daring , it puts far more polished documentaries to shame .
at about 95 minutes , treasure planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story .
good ol' urban legend stuff .
there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .
a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original .
no , i love it ... hell , i dunno .
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar .
ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy 's intrepid hero ?
and educational !
in the book-on-tape market , the film of `` the kid stays in the picture '' would be an abridged edition
strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie .
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix .
looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due .
full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing .
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
well-meaning to a fault , antwone fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy .
a by-the-numbers effort that wo n't do much to enhance the franchise .
while easier to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .
adam sandler !
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
freundlich 's made -lrb- crudup -rrb- a suburban architect , and a cipher .
a quaint , romanticized rendering .
movie fans , get ready to take off ... the other direction .
a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .
there 's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned , as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate , but generally , it 's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance .
... somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .
a charmer from belgium .
... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .
how much you are moved by the emotional tumult of -lrb- françois and michèle 's -rrb- relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them .
legendary irish writer brendan behan 's memoir , borstal boy , has been given a loving screen transferral .
a well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .
works as pretty contagious fun .
a moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate .
a tremendous piece of work .
the observations of this social\/economic\/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .
one of the more intelligent children 's movies to hit theaters this year .
no matter how firmly director john stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make .
guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .
katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .
-lrb- `` safe conduct '' -rrb- is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .
hmmm ... might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . .
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .
a gimmick in search of a movie : how to get carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned .
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
feels like one of those contrived , only-in - hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating oscar talk .
it 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
a serious movie with serious ideas .
mckay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness
it 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it did n't entirely grab me , but there 's stuff here to like .
the script ?
although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything .
you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
it 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .
raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen .
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose .
... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines .
mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .
a moody horror\/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director 's well-known narrative gamesmanship .
i 'm afraid you wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief .
if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo .
the film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joan 's madness .
together -lrb- time out and human resources -rrb- establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .
as expected , sayles ' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances .
technically and artistically inept .
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .
he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
simplistic , silly and tedious .
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
... this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core .
my big fat greek wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor .
and i 've decided to leave a light on every night from now on .
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
it 's quite diverting nonsense .
the superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead -lrb- water -rrb- weight of the other .
each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs. man as brother-man vs. the man .
for close to two hours the audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one .
`` mostly martha '' is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see .
witless and utterly pointless .
it 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
it 's the kind of movie you ca n't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you ca n't bring yourself to dislike it .
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .
too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century .
this one 's weaker than most .
though it 's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to leigh for actually casting people who look working-class .
manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
some of seagal 's action pictures are guilty pleasures , but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot .
the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence .
as ` chick flicks ' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .
boring we did n't .
lillard and cardellini earn their scooby snacks , but not anyone else .
a wonderful , ghastly film .
even if you 've seen `` stomp '' -lrb- the stage show -rrb- , you still have to see this !
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .
do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .
well worth the time .
suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let 's just say the ingredients do n't quite add up to a meal .
it 's stylishly directed with verve ...
japan 's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date .
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon wo n't be disappointed .
the additional storyline is interesting and entertaining , but it does n't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story .
... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must !
foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon
sunshine state lacks the kind of dynamic that limbo offers , and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece .
a sensual performance from abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we 're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at .
if no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it 's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving .
`` antwone fisher '' is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington .
... a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism .
it 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
what 's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class .
the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful .
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .
rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .
... a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .
a dreary rip-off of goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for hispanic americans .
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film .
there 's already been too many of these films ...
that is essentially what 's missing from blackboards -- the sense of something bigger , some ultimate point .
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .
a very familiar tale , one that 's been told by countless filmmakers about italian - , chinese - , irish - , latin - , indian - , russian - and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages .
as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness .
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen .
beers , who , when she 's given the right lines , can charm the paint off the wall ... -lrb- but -rrb- the script goes wrong at several key junctures .
though the plot is predictable , the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters .
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
it 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .
among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .
ritchie 's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people 's faces to the fact amber is such a joke .
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .
audacious-impossible yet compelling ...
smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
the main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
it 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
just a kiss is a just a waste .
i 'll go out on a limb .
as we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- jason is a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . '
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .
wait for it to hit cable .
a pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that errol morris has often dealt with ... it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm .
a bold -lrb- and lovely -rrb- experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
a painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots .
the way coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining .
in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick -lrb- but none of the sheer lust -rrb- .
ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .
in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood .
... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . ''
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up .
its well of thorn and vinegar -lrb- and simple humanity -rrb- has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks .
a small movie with a big impact .
a tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship .
mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
-lrb- dong -rrb- makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up .
what `` empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
mandel holland 's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by phifer and black are ultimately winning .
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .
though catch me if you can is n't badly made , the fun slowly leaks out of the movie .
even though it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
demme 's loose approach kills the suspense .
it 's a masterpeice .
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .
all in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
it 's a bittersweet and lyrical mix of elements .
this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected .
an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema .
would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year .
hilarious , acidic brit comedy .
one just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .
the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman 's lesser works .
by presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world , pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what 's possible and what we might do to make it so .
-lrb- d -rrb- espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion .
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
looks awfully like one long tourist spot for a mississippi that may never have existed outside of a scriptwriter 's imagination .
though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next .
a movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story .
i wonder why .
fans of critics ' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart .
in both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .
offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented .
the performances are so leaden , michael rymer 's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud .
unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .
as banal as the telling may be -- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .
if all of eight legged freaks was as entertaining as the final hour , i would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade .
sadly , hewitt 's forte is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks .
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .
the screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo .
bogs down badly as we absorb jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance .
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .
if you can read the subtitles -lrb- the opera is sung in italian -rrb- and you like ` masterpiece theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie .
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show .
the whole mildly pleasant outing -- the r rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of tim allen .
a movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .
john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie .
i ca n't remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there 's only one problem ... it 's supposed to be a drama .
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
obvious .
this new zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything .
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
that 's fun for kids of any age .
if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage , then esther 's story is a compelling quest for truth .
this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .
eight crazy nights is a showcase for sandler 's many talents .
there 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .
after you laugh once -lrb- maybe twice -rrb- , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie .
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen 's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs. sever , were made for the palm screen .
... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !
melanie eventually slugs the yankee .
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .
taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .
a trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience .
the film is darkly atmospheric , with herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath hearst 's forced avuncular chortles .
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , -lrb- harris -rrb- brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman .
it 's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
this is a nervy , risky film , and villeneuve has inspired croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of bibi .
human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better .
to others , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .
mr. spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ?
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
that frenetic spectacle -lrb- on the tv show -rrb- has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout .
opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist 's death bed and does n't get much livelier in the three hours in between .
it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .
harrison 's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all .
thanks to ice cube , benjamins feels an awful lot like friday in miami .
but as a movie , it 's a humorless , disjointed mess .
the magic -lrb- and original running time -rrb- of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away survives intact in bv 's re-voiced version .
a three-hour cinema master class .
this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .
it 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .
the isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .
all right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -lrb- sometimes hilarious -rrb- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .
by turns very dark and very funny .
the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .
despite apparent motives to the contrary , it ends up being , like -lrb- seinfeld 's -rrb- revered tv show , about pretty much nothing .
unfortunately , it appears that -lrb- jackie -rrb- chan 's us influence is starting to show in his hong kong films .
hmm .
overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
the film is powerful , accessible and funny .
not so much farcical as sour .
it 's hard not to feel you 've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story .
this series should have died long ago , but they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last james bond movie .
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .
the end result is a film that 's neither .
the film is painfully authentic , and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing .
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .
the french are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the americans , who have a passion for musketeers , only to spoof them .
certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .
to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable .
even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever .
a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration .
here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .
you have once again entered the bizarre realm where director adrian lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal .
there 's no emotional pulse to solaris .
my little eye is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years .
charming and funny -lrb- but ultimately silly -rrb- movie .
director dirk shafer and co-writer greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama .
not only unfunny , but downright repellent .
scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
a perverse little truffle , dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy .
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
by the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed .
a complete waste of time .
the message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another .
blue crush is as predictable as the tides .
a dreary movie .
in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes .
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you .
the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .
a picture as erratic as its central character .
poetic , heartbreaking .
one of those so-so films that could have been much better .
feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .
-lrb- wendigo is -rrb- why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .
if it 's possible for a sequel to outshine the original , then sl2 does just that .
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '
an unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection .
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .
there 's a lot of tooth in roger dodger .
plays like a volatile and overlong w magazine fashion spread .
lucky break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it 's also drab and inert .
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .
plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up .
that 's its first sign of trouble .
i highly recommend irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him .
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
it 's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .
the rest of the plot is impossible to explain without blowing whatever tension there is , although it 's more comedy than suspense de palma creates .
unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
good , solid storytelling .
it 's up to you to decide whether to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
`` looking for leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .
filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels .
benigni 's pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow .
even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
it 's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it 's well worth a rental .
not a strike against yang 's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ?
bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys .
simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
just one bad idea after another .
what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .
the movie is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
a perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little lilo & stitch had in spades -- charisma .
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised .
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references .
helps to remind the first world that hiv\/aids is far from being yesterday 's news .
thanks to scott 's charismatic roger and eisenberg 's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men .
formula 51 has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market .
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .
i had more fun with ben stiller 's zoolander , which i thought was rather clever .
elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .
mr. soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
there 's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
the characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter .
a preposterous , prurient whodunit .
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
if the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of ` there but for the grace of god , ' it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world .
` opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .
could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?
does paint some memorable images ... , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication .
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it .
otherwise , maybe .
the film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the motown sound .
rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .
a clever blend of fact and fiction .
it 's a count for our times .
the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .
the salton sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .
even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , east-vs .
niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press
a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
-lrb- a -rrb- poorly executed comedy .
... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
a marvel like none you 've seen .
initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .
the minor figures surrounding -lrb- bobby -rrb- ... form a gritty urban mosaic .
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .
divertingly ridiculous , headbangingly noisy .
there is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false .
there 's just no currency in deriding james bond for being a clichéd , doddering , misogynistic boy 's club .
this version of h.g. wells ' time machine was directed by h.g. wells ' great-grandson .
try hell house , which documents the cautionary christian spook-a-rama of the same name .
the venezuelans say things like `` si , pretty much '' and `` por favor , go home '' when talking to americans .
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
this is the first film i 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved .
`` the best disney movie since the lion king ''
cinematic pratfalls given a working over .
part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .
delirious fun .
the film is one of the year 's best .
with wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism .
a work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense .
what begins as a film in the tradition of the graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .
what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .
an amused indictment of jaglom 's own profession .
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
... familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than -lrb- writer-director -rrb- franc .
in the end , punch-drunk love is one of those films that i wanted to like much more than i actually did .
showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .
as a witness to several greek-american weddings -- but , happily , a victim of none -- i can testify to the comparative accuracy of ms. vardalos ' memories and insights .
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .
yes , 4ever is harmless in the extreme and it 'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away ?
-lrb- westbrook -rrb- makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance .
this u-boat does n't have a captain .
... mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '
this is a picture that maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool .
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
a surprisingly funny movie .
brilliant ! '
the unique tug-of-war with viewer expectations is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right .
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , miss congeniality .
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .
jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .
... perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world .
-lrb- i -rrb- f you 've been to more than one indie flick in your life , chances are you 've already seen this kind of thing .
an empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility .
a fifty car pileup of cliches .
oh , and more entertaining , too .
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that -lrb- nelson 's -rrb- achievement does n't match his ambition .
harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .
a film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .
amazing !
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .
generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it 's not without style .
romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .
there has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes .
splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers ' puppet strings .
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .
it 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
it comes off as so silly that you would n't be surprised if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen giving chase in a black and red van .
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .
it 's mostly a pleasure to watch .
if there 's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way .
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
except for paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for bartleby 's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .
ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what - time-it-is tedious .
the last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage american road-trip drek we 've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes
cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
-lrb- u -rrb- nrelentingly stupid .
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart .
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
-lrb- kline 's -rrb- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it .
a shambles of a movie -- visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly ... its hilarity is completely unintentional .
it 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another major league .
paul bettany is cool .
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting -lrb- and funnier -rrb- than his .
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
without resorting to hyperbole , i can state that kissing jessica stein may be the best same-sex romance i have seen .
a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within .
`` sum '' is jack ryan 's `` do-over . ''
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way .
more trifle than triumph .
ahhhh ... revenge is sweet !
this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .
birthday girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .
it hates its characters .
two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us
it 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
the cartoon is about as true to the spirit of the festival of lights as mr. deeds was to that of frank capra .
a deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish .
... plays like somebody spliced random moments of a chris rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller .
the element of surprise might be the only thing femme fatale has going for it .
everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line .
nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .
divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it 's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .
the result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .
delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas .
entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .
many a parent and their teen -lrb- or preteen -rrb- kid could bond while watching a walk to remember .
the drama discloses almost nothing .
the umpteenth summer skinny dip in jerry bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle .
there is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production .
the characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory .
-lrb- carvey 's -rrb- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .
but it does n't need gangs of new york .
a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle .
noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism .
khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin .
chao was chen kaige 's assistant for years in china .
if you do n't laugh , flee .
meyjes focuses too much on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the - making .
what the four feathers lacks is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about .
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph .
it was a dark and stormy night ...
this story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle .
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the castro regime in less than saintly tones .
the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge .
ecks this one off your must-see list .
-lrb- a -rrb- n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the disney comedies from the 60s .
in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century ... takes kurys ' career to a whole new level .
writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .
a thriller without a lot of thrills .
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .
... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable .
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .
s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .
even if the ride 's a little bumpy , with a final lap that 's all too suspiciously smooth , you gotta give director roger michell , best known for the superfluous notting hill , credit for trying .
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .
although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
a great ensemble cast ca n't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar .
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
it 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
... its stupidities wind up sticking in one 's mind a lot more than the cool bits .
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
b. -rrb- that sure is pathetic !
an extremely unpleasant film .
the two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect .
greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
trailer park magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all .
a very bad sign .
in fact , even better .
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best
director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the `` miami vice '' checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks .
blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period .
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship .
you can thank me for this .
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer .
yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .
lovely and poignant .
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .
the film takes too long getting to the good stuff , then takes too long figuring out what to do next .
so unassuming and pure of heart , you ca n't help but warmly extend your arms and yell ` safe ! '
it 's horribly depressing and not very well done .
there 's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x.
the film 's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ; the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency .
a sequel that 's much too big for its britches .
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there 's very little hustling on view .
it 's uninteresting .
new best friend should n't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video .
real women have curves does n't offer any easy answers .
this is the stuff that disney movies are made of .
continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .
after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling .
those who do n't entirely ` get ' godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man 's quest to find an old flame .
his last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it .
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .
do n't plan on the perfect ending , but sweet home alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life .
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .
while the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other .
, `` they 're out there ! ''
a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .
with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau .
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette .
hands down the year 's most thought-provoking film .
make no mistake , ivans xtc .
a movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats .
it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world 's religions .
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
mr. tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and what time is it there ?
like the chelsea 's denizens ... burdette 's collage-form scenario tends to over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste .
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero .
moving and vibrant .
not a bad choice here , assuming that ... the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly .
extremely bad .
a movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't want to be .
it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like my big fat greek wedding
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .
a joyous occasion
robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side .
it is up to you to decide if you need to see it .
yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .
acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes `` never again '' worthwhile , but -lrb- writer\/director -rrb- schaeffer should follow his titular advice
the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .
determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor did n't quite engage this adult .
unintelligible , poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , harvard man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .
although life or something like it is very much in the mold of feel-good movies , the cast and director stephen herek 's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .
-lrb- taymor -rrb- utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .
funny , though .
we get an image of big papa spanning history , rather than suspending it .
bullock 's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about drumline is its energy .
the question hanging over the time machine is not , as the main character suggests , ` what if ? '
robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates .
still pretentious and filled with subtext , but entertaining enough at ` face value ' to recommend to anyone looking for something different .
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -lrb- excepting love hewitt -rrb- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i have n't encountered since at least pete 's dragon .
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral .
a brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .
one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
the spalding gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .
the whole damn thing is ripe for the jerry springer crowd .
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .
this one is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
overly long and worshipful bio-doc .
chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement .
but the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done .
those who love cinema paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved .
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
richard gere and diane lane put in fine performances as does french actor oliver martinez .
boisterous , heartfelt comedy .
those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
but that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
screenwriter chris ver weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability .
while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
it never is , not fully .
a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films
parker holds true to wilde 's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire to be anything but a polished , sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness .
the plan to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong .
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout .
cusack 's just brilliant in this .
spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
the performances are an absolute joy .
there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
you 'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you 'll laugh .
peralta 's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight .
narc may not get an ` a ' for originality , but it wears its b-movie heritage like a badge of honor .
just one problem : fish out of water usually die .
and , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
the timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off .
once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .
this is not chabrol 's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer .
despite impeccable acting ... and a script that takes some rather unexpected -lrb- even , at times , preposterous -rrb- turns , love is just too , too precious in the end .
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
yeah , these flicks are just that damn good .
by that measure , it is a failure .
... a solid , unassuming drama .
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .
happily for mr. chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .
on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
finally , the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
but if you 've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there 's guilty fun to be had here .
writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
has some visual wit ... but little imagination elsewhere .
an escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
at its best ... festival in cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in cannes .
vulgar is too optimistic a title .
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car .
they takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending .
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .
what the director ca n't do is make either of val kilmer 's two personas interesting or worth caring about .
better than the tepid star trek : insurrection ; falls short of first contact because the villain could n't pick the lint off borg queen alice krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec -lrb- a nose -rrb- ahead of generations .
... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .
a teasing drama whose relentless good-deed\/bad-deed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation .
`` an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . ''
though its atmosphere is intriguing ... the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .
but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
` this movie sucks . '
suffers from all the excesses of the genre .
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong .
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
lovely and amazing is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
wait for video -- and then do n't rent it .
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving .
grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter .
-lrb- there 's -rrb- quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .
better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
too silly to take seriously .
as a singular character study , it 's perfect .
not once does it come close to being exciting .
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
an utterly compelling ` who wrote it ' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question .
a very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale ... a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more .
with notorious c.h.o. cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy .
like most bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike .
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .
it 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .
the film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
a frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that does n't exactly favour the audience .
snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .
we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor .
while there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't .
beyond a handful of mildly amusing lines ... there just is n't much to laugh at .
a gorgeous , witty , seductive movie .
a workshop mentality prevails .
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot .
never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy .
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .
borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu .
i 've never seen -lrb- a remake -rrb- do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ...
the picture does n't know it 's a comedy .
potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
and , thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .
the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .
not since tom cruise in risky business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear .
macdowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
an unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode .
would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .
fierce , glaring and unforgettable .
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .
samira makhmalbaf 's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it 's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
a stylish thriller .
a wry , affectionate delight .
even the digressions are funny .
well-made but mush-hearted .
... a lesson in prehistoric hilarity .
it 's a charming and often affecting journey .
schrader examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor .
the actors are so terrific at conveying their young angst , we do indeed feel for them .
at its best , which occurs often , michael moore 's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` are we a sick society ? '
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .
but it does have one saving grace .
the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .
... a pretentious mess ...
it must be in the genes .
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore .
it 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her .
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal .
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .
it 's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging .
if you open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
then nadia 's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild .
as lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten .
it looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised .
stealing harvard ca n't even do that much .
nicole holofcener 's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
oft-described as the antidote to american pie-type sex comedies , it actually has a bundle in common with them , as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough
a wildly funny prison caper .
the actors are appealing , but elysian fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental .
on its own cinematic terms , it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist byatt .
... pray does n't have a passion for the material .
the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .
may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
the smartest bonehead comedy of the summer .
whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment .
best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...
it 's not particularly subtle ... however , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion .
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j. wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not .
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films .
woo 's fights have a distinct flair .
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt .
seriously , rent the disney version .
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .
brown 's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
the same should go for movie theaters .
all the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable .
a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino .
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .
unofficially , national lampoon 's van wilder is son of animal house .
confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .
a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin 's city lights seem dispassionate by comparison .
it 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .
it is a movie about passion .
it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes .
the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .
derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
there 's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking .
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
this is not a retread of `` dead poets ' society . ''
by the time we learn that andrew 's turnabout is fair play is every bit as awful as borchardt 's coven , we can enjoy it anyway .
so clichéd that , at one point , they literally upset an apple cart .
just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness .
meant for star wars fans .
in between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan .
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .
as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
paul bettany playing malcolm mcdowell ?
less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins .
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .
short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
a compelling journey ... and `` his best friend remembers '' is up there with the finest of specials .
it 's not without its pleasures , but i 'll stick with the tune .
my goodness , queen latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts .
johnson has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to .
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation .
the film is exhilarating to watch because sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor .
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .
an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .
coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .
a blessed gift to film geeks and historians .
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .
christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spreading dr. feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic .
drowning 's too good for this sucker .
it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy .
or emptying rat traps .
friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans .
what with the incessant lounge music playing in the film 's background , you may mistake love liza for an adam sandler chanukah song .
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?
for caine lovers only .
the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?
audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school .
unlike trey parker , sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
the doofus-on - the-loose banter of welcome to collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it .
it 's one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental .
crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .
you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .
ford deserves to be remembered at oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier .
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick .
the drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes .
a stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch .
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .
... while dark water is n't a complete wash -lrb- no pun intended -rrb- , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
nothing about it fits .
... it 's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ?
an original gem about an obsession with time .
a mess .
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .
it is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
-lrb- toback 's -rrb- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material .
it 's slow -- very , very slow .
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie .
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
a generation x artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely can not last .
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .
instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .
it 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
it might be tempting to regard mr. andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but mr. earnhart 's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists .
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt .
if religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away .
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .
a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble .
that dogged good will of the parents and ` vain ' jia 's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums .
it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
... will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks .
an eccentric little comic\/thriller deeply in love with its own quirky personality .
infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane .
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos .
the plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness .
one feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism .
the film tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film .
but ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .
this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
if you grew up on scooby -- you 'll love this movie .
um , no. .
the problem with `` xxx '' is that its own action is n't very effective .
who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ?
if this movie belonged to a sorority , it would be called beta alpha delta .
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
it 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat .
while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer 's appetite , the film 's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving .
in the end , ted bundy 's only justification is the director 's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac ; there 's no larger point , and little social context .
but it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow .
whenever its story is n't bogged down by idiocy involving the cia and a lost u.s. satellite , hunter -- starring irwin and his american wife\/colleague , terri -- is a movie children should enjoy .
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .
after seeing ` analyze that , ' i feel better already .
i will be .
ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies .
an enigmatic film that 's too clever for its own good , it 's a conundrum not worth solving .
reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation and being john malkovich .
the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide .
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the -lrb- teen comedy -rrb- genre a bad name .
earnest falls short of its ideal predecessor largely due to parker 's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material .
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .
this is one for the ages .
a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .
maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
all-in-all , the film is an enjoyable and frankly told tale of a people who live among us , but not necessarily with us .
the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .
charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .
while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they 're presented with a wry dark humor .
a fairly by-the-books blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy .
the reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity , not warning anyone .
you have to see it .
whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder ... would be more at home on a daytime television serial .
after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
it 's a movie forged in the fires of chick flick hell .
do not see this film .
like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all .
shallow .
reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
imagine the james woods character from videodrome making a home movie of audrey rose and showing it to the kid from the sixth sense and you 've imagined the ring .
none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense .
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
even with its $ 50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men .
... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .
there are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies .
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
the film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens .
this is no `` waterboy ! ''
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
hatosy ... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
an exquisitely crafted and acted tale .
somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional .
it briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest - -- audience sadism -- is evaded completely .
much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground .
... the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes `` what time is it there ? ''
no amount of nostalgia for carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .
i 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
there are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part sliding doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them .
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .
`` frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ''
he just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality .
the comic performances are all spot on , especially lee ross 's turn as ken .
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .
despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style .
did we really need a remake of `` charade ? ''
there 's something deeply creepy about never again , a new arrow in schaeffer 's quiver of ineptitudes .
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .
sweet home alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .
the movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
by the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
for aids and africa are nothing more than part of the scenery .
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated -lrb- depending upon where you live -rrb- , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
as shaky as the plot is , kaufman 's script is still memorable for some great one-liners .
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear .
to my taste , the film 's comic characters come perilously close to being amoses and andys for a new generation .
while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , `` in the bedroom , '' moretti 's film makes its own , quieter observations
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .
despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious .
complex , affecting and uniquely almodóvar , the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong .
sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
as your relatives swap one mundane story after another , you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart .
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
sometimes it feels as if it might have been made in the '70s or '80s , and starred chevy chase and goldie hawn .
or tom green as han solo ?
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .
in all , this is a watchable movie that 's not quite the memorable experience it might have been .
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love .
a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .
the ga-zillionth airhead movie about a wife in distress who resorts to desperate measures .
more tiring than anything .
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun .
a film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
the christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .
as comedic spotlights go , notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should .
despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments , super troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development .
... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
outside of burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken
foster and whitaker are especially fine .
do n't waste your money .
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .
director nalin pan does n't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other .
we can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .
it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
the film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low .
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and feels more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita '' .
a direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .
comes ... uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief .
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .
anyone who can count to five -lrb- the film 's target market ? -rrb-
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard .
than ` magnifique ' .
my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
scenario that will give most parents pause ... then , something terrible happens .
a 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode tv series , with all of the pitfalls of such you 'd expect .
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .
both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .
a well acted and well intentioned snoozer .
it 's not so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world .
what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` scratch '' a second look .
berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years
they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life .
while kids will probably eat the whole thing up , most adults will be way ahead of the plot .
so , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today 's new delhi .
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .
it appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
the essential problem in orange county is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do .
but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .
sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 .
it 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
the movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .
... the first 2\/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -lrb- cool visual backmasking -rrb- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman 's similarly updated 1970 british production .
mediocre fable from burkina faso .
a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .
de niro and mcdormand give solid performances , but their screen time is sabotaged by the story 's inability to create interest .
but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
it may seem long at 110 minutes if you 're not a fan , because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert .
the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .
dark , resonant , inventively detailed and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement .
just not campy enough
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .
it 's not original enough .
it 's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more .
... little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen .
this is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .
a beautiful , entertaining two hours .
it never rises to its clever what-if concept .
many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short .
ridiculous .
two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue , if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres , more 's the pity .
theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
the armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment .
why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .
the script kicks in , and mr. hartley 's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow .
would n't one about their famous dad , author of death in venice , etc. , be more valuable ?
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .
it will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days .
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema .
a woman 's pic directed with resonance by ilya chaiken .
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast .
there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade .
plays like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .
nair stuffs the film with dancing , henna , ornamentation , and group song , but her narrative clichés and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera .
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .
there 's no energy .
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because -lrb- the leads -rrb- are such a companionable couple .
gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive .
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .
... a guiltless film for nice evening out .
leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good , but not here .
at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
cool .
ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing .
if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good .
a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .
not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best .
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action .
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does .
in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . '
you want to call domino 's .
enough said , except : film overboard !
the film 's center will not hold .
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .
the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread .
would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?
warm and exotic .
the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you .
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins\/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .
a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the -lrb- opening -rrb- dance guarantees karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
bow 's best moments are when he 's getting busy on the basketball court because that 's when he really scores .
a brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .
i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .
one of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears .
visits spy-movie territory like a novel you ca n't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last .
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .
vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .
i can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial .
as a vehicle to savour binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
` butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
the premise is in extremely bad taste , and the film 's supposed insights are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them .
a very average science fiction film .
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
what 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .
the film is all a little lit crit 101 , but it 's extremely well played and often very funny .
gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested .
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
ja rule and kurupt should have gotten to rap .
the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
one of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution .
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
both deeply weird and charmingly dear .
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .
stuart 's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of snowball 's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating .
with a story as bizarre and mysterious as this , you do n't want to be worrying about whether the ineffectual broomfield is going to have the courage to knock on that door .
there is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
a wildly inconsistent emotional experience .
watching haneke 's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment .
occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story .
children may not understand everything that happens -- i 'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted .
it 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
a well-acted movie that simply does n't gel .
-lrb- evans is -rrb- a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
a feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .
the cast comes through even when the movie does n't .
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -lrb- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -rrb- , but `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases .
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine .
it 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .
the funny thing is , i did n't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit .
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy .
without non-stop techno or the existential overtones of a kieslowski morality tale , maelström is just another winter sleepers .
the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers apparently believe that women 's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction .
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
he has a great cast and a great idea .
shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .
it 's one heck of a character study -- not of hearst or davies but of the unique relationship between them .
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .
a full-frontal attack on audience patience .
skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
it 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .
it 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
and yet , it still works .
the very definition of the ` small ' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher .
affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .
watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives .
a sequence of ridiculous shoot - 'em - up scenes .
alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again .
as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
a worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant ` co-stars . '
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
classic cinema served up with heart and humor
an impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent .
this one is certainly well-meaning , but it 's also simple-minded and contrived .
the film 's heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality .
slow and ponderous , but rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption .
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
it 's still adam sandler , and it 's not little nicky .
don michael paul uses quick-cuts , -lrb- very -rrb- large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double -lrb- for seagal -rrb- .
i do n't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but do n't treat me like a fool .
a taut , intelligent psychological drama .
fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water .
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
a relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale .
video games are more involving than this mess .
there are a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall .
canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal .
believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half .
any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes .
a very pretty after-school special .
two-bit potboiler .
gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .
but something seems to be missing .
a movie that 's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level .
leaks treacle from every pore .
an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .
it 's 51 times better than this .
van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido .
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .
men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce .
the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .
you can practically smell the patchouli oil .
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes -lrb- of which they 'll get plenty -rrb- fills me with revulsion .
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
this engrossing , characteristically complex tom clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet\/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
its maker , steven spielberg , has n't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray .
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
` how many more voyages can this limping but dearly-loved franchise survive ? '
victor rosa is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
i like the new footage and still love the old stuff .
impostor is a step down for director gary fleder .
some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn ... looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future .
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .
it uses an old-time formula , it 's not terribly original and it 's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie my big fat greek wedding .
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .
ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .
it is intensely personal and yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times .
an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously .
cliches are as thick as the cigarette smoke .
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .
the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .
craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
it 's often infuriatingly glib and posturing , and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer .
i ca n't say that i liked homeboy ; it 'd be more accurate to say that i found it intriguing , bizarre , dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way .
it 's all a rather shapeless good time ...
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .
this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee , and it still is .
it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur .
a perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie .
it 's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in invincible and overlook its drawbacks .
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing .
this scarlet 's letter is a. . .
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
a tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that .
i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .
does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of richard nixon .
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .
first and foremost ... the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .
secretary is not a movie about fetishism .
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .
and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !
go for la salle 's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script .
is truth stranger than fiction ?
or else a doggie winks .
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
`` home movie '' is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book .
zoom !
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .
a fun ride .
one of the best rock documentaries ever .
this is n't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiably idiosyncratic work .
the inspirational screenplay by mike rich covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end .
this is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story 's a little weak .
director barry skolnick and his screenwriters glibly tick off every point of `` the longest yard '' playbook like a checklist .
a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection .
critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-tv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps .
it seems grant does n't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all .
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
amazingly dopey .
one ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album .
anchored by friel and williams 's exceptional performances , the film 's power lies in its complexity .
but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? '
a disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers .
an absurdist spider web .
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .
as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair .
nothing too deep or substantial .
a coming-of-age movie that hollywood would n't have the guts to make .
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .
a non-mystery mystery .
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .
sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .
huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material
when -lrb- de palma 's -rrb- bad , he 's really bad , and femme fatale ranks with the worst he has done .
road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .
the film 's real appeal wo n't be to clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers .
below is well below expectations .
it will come as no surprise that the movie is n't scary .
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
the filmmaker 's heart is in the right place ...
what ` blade runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel .
hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman 's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares .
while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .
some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
yo , it 's the days of our lives meets electric boogaloo .
personally , i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet .
hollywood ending just is n't very funny .
like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest .
yes , dull .
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .
let 's cut to the consumer-advice bottom line : stay home .
the impulses that produced this project ... are commendable , but the results are uneven .
open-minded kids -- kids who read , kids who dream -- will be comforted by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny .
i ca n't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth .
contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .
the movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there 's just not much lurking below its abstract surface .
miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
like a grinning jack o ' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but ayurveda does the field no favors .
they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit .
without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .
it 's everything you do n't go to the movies for .
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
as unseemly as its title suggests .
... for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
a moving story of determination and the human spirit .
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi .
martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid .
is n't as sharp as the original ... despite some visual virtues , ` blade ii ' just does n't cut it .
it 's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .
reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and ryoko hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .
just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
thin period piece .
it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down .
-lrb- a -rrb- stale retread of the '53 original .
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .
feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens .
an amazing and incendiary movie that dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction .
the stories here suffer from the chosen format .
yet another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 is as generic as its title .
boring and meandering .
so stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly .
every note rings false .
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .
you 'll get the enjoyable basic minimum .
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .
despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed .
as an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting .
intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story 's least interesting subject .
an elegant , exquisitely modulated psychological thriller .
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .
more than makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling .
bring on the sequel .
... too dull to enjoy .
it excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .
-lrb- rises -rrb- above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism .
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
this miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing flatbush machismo will get it through .
here 's a self-congratulatory 3d imax rah-rah .
lacks depth .
... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint .
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
moore 's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out .
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .
the real question this movie poses is not ` who ? '
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .
i 'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
a wildly entertaining scan of evans ' career .
episode ii -- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective .
but what are adults doing in the theater at all ?
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it .
curiously , super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works .
while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music .
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .
warmed-over tarantino by way of wannabe elmore leonard .
when it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up 's i 'm the one that i want .
there 's not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in point pleasant .
it 's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie 's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-soviet russia .
if i have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story -lrb- like , say , treasure planet -rrb- or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , i 'll take the latter every time .
a weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media subcultures .
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
you really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they 'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this .
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .
spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .
creepy , authentic and dark .
there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .
a sterling film - a cross between boys do n't cry , deliverance , and ode to billy joe - lies somewhere in the story of matthew shepard , but that film is yet to be made .
rock 's stand-up magic wanes .
a movie that tries to fuse the two ` woods ' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess .
anchored by a terrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women 's self-actualization knows few continental divides .
for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
wedding feels a bit anachronistic .
wes craven 's presence is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . '
if only there were one for this kind of movie .
it 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .
opens as promising as any war\/adventure film you 'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled `` glory : a soldier 's story . ''
a funny film .
like an episode of mtv 's undressed , with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance ... indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper .
will only satisfy those who ca n't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly .
when a film is created solely because it 's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result .
there 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .
for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
noyce 's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective .
after all , it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot .
the messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .
i 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back .
one of the film 's most effective aspects is its tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret .
some of it is clever , but it is never melodic \/
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '
for the most part , i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy 's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies .
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .
the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t.
unlike the nauseating fictions peddled by such ` have-yourself-a-happy-little-holocaust ' movies as life is beautiful and jakob the liar , the grey zone is honest enough to deny the possibility of hope in auschwitz .
hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .
a gentle and engrossing character study .
what time is it there ?
you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .
like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .
nothing about them is attractive .
... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .
a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion .
funny but perilously slight .
mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .
the production values are up there .
as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place ... innocent and well-meaning .
the story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there 's a certain style and wit to the dialogue .
you 've already seen heartbreak if you 've watched the far superior nurse betty or sunset boulevard .
but watching huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting .
but if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .
the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects .
if you 're a crocodile hunter fan , you 'll enjoy at least the `` real '' portions of the film .
feature debuter d.j. caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter tony gayton 's narcotics noir to life .
somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates .
... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet .
as bundy , michael reilly burke -lrb- octopus 2 : river of fear -rrb- has just the right amount of charisma and menace .
has the feel of an unedited personal journal .
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain .
those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .
as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .
began life as a computer game , then morphed into a movie -- a bad one , of course .
it 's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but westbrook 's foundation and dalrymple 's film earn their uplift .
the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound .
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation -lrb- career - kids = misery -rrb- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .
affleck and jackson are good sparring partners .
-lrb- a -rrb- rather thinly-conceived movie .
the movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting .
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
it 's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one .
the best you can say about it is it 's so uninspired , it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now .
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .
apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program .
call me a wimp , but i cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film .
this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .
enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment .
has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups .
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .
as hannibal would say , yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it 's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .
and it 's a lousy one at that .
being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .
whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama is n't much of a mystery , unfortunately .
... despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
very well made , but does n't generate a lot of tension .
rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , les destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual .
high crimes knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort .
this is simply the most fun you 'll ever have with a documentary !
you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they 're each interesting .
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees .
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese .
what kids will discover is a new collectible .
it has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .
it 's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .
after seeing swept away , i feel sorry for madonna .
were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good , freundlich 's world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year .
despite auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
it 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '
madonna still ca n't act a lick .
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
the power of this script , and the performances that come with it , is that the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up .
would n't it be funny if a bunch of allied soldiers went undercover as women in a german factory during world war ii ?
eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso 's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .
... what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
a bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career .
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel .
why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
it 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .
one of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating .
a loving little film of considerable appeal .
j. lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl .
a little weak -- and it is n't that funny .
two hours fly by -- opera 's a pleasure when you do n't have to endure intermissions -- and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated .
ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .
supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy .
it 's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there 's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong .
nothing plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about .
bad company leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script .
for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
-lrb- sports -rrb- admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .
if your taste runs to ` difficult ' films you absolutely ca n't miss it .
-lrb- gayton 's script -rrb- telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
something for everyone .
just a bloody mess .
shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating patch adams , trots out every ghost trick from the sixth sense to the mothman prophecies .
a morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other .
if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
taken purely as an exercise in style , this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake is impossible to ignore .
cho 's timing is priceless .
two hours of junk .
an excellent sequel .
though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial .
it takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of robert forster , anne meara , eugene levy , and reginald veljohnson all in the same movie .
does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer jeffrey dahmer boring .
sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it does n't .
i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .
tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue .
the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants .
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
i ca n't remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
-lrb- ramsay -rrb- visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .
trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .
a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs -lrb- including a knockout of a closing line -rrb- , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
a sha-na-na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .
there is no entry portal in the rules of attraction , and i spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters .
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .
it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he 's been making for the last several years .
in imax in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
it tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .
we are left with a superficial snapshot that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting .
... blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
what might 've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors .
a fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of malcolm in the middle and its pubescent star , frankie muniz .
a lighthearted , feel-good film that embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love .
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
the invincible werner herzog is alive and well and living in la
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script .
there 's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but kang tacks on three or four more endings .
hey , who else needs a shower ?
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
chomp chomp !
there 's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or the emotional integrity of the performances .
are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ?
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept -lrb- aliens come to earth -rrb- and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
the film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task .
changing lanes tries for more .
it does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
sorvino is delightful in the central role .
a gorgeous , somnolent show that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly unsurprising .
we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold .
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors .
may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow .
there 's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .
we want the funk - and this movie 's got it .
during the tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` chan moment ' .
it 's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational , and yet it 's so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff .
a vivid cinematic portrait .
`` red dragon '' never cuts corners .
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .
at a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it 's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form 's history .
the period -- swinging london in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in gangster no. 1 , but falls apart long before the end .
an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton .
it has a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it 's over .
maybe thomas wolfe was right : you ca n't go home again .
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
although there are several truly jolting scares , there 's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at .
a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .
zany , exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure .
it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as ... -lrb- quills -rrb- did by showing them .
the thing just never gets off the ground .
rather quickly , the film falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation .
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .
despite its raucous intent , xxx is as conventional as a nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .
it may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . ''
-lrb- shyamalan -rrb- continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed .
what goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all .
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie .
renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
an involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .
it 's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .
challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative .
the director 's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship -lrb- most notably wretched sound design -rrb- .
woefully pretentious .
viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet .
... an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work .
in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
denis and co-writer michele petin 's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing .
trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive .
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .
a lovely film for the holiday season .
after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
contrived pastiche of caper clichés .
what 's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses -lrb- and one academy award winning actor -rrb- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best .
a string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity .
the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
like a poor man 's you can count on me
but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth .
debate it .
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it .
let 's hope not .
gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot -- in fact toback himself used it in black and white .
fancy a real downer ?
a negligible british comedy .
while locals will get a kick out of spotting cleveland sites , the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning coen brothers envious .
even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it does n't make for completely empty entertainment
it would be disingenuous to call reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex .
you really have to salute writer-director haneke -lrb- he adapted elfriede jelinek 's novel -rrb- for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
it 's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in there 's something about mary and devise a parallel clone-gag .
according to the script , grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other .
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .
this is the best star trek movie in a long time .
tends to plod .
illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .
for anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man 's response to stroke , ram dass : fierce grace is worth seeking out .
dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
on the surface , it 's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick , but it has a lot in common with piesiewicz 's and kieslowski 's earlier work , films like the double life of veronique .
meant to reduce blake 's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlane 's superhero dystopia .
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree .
`` punch-drunk love '' is a little like a chocolate milk moustache ...
eight legged freaks ?
still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .
with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
worse than ` silence of the lambs ' better than ` hannibal '
time changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
schütte 's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
big deal !
splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich .
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is masterful .
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one -lrb- and no one -rrb- .
can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
if -lrb- jaglom 's -rrb- latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
nothing more than a mediocre trifle .
zaidan 's script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight .
what 's infuriating about full frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .
his work with actors is particularly impressive .
the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .
the film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening .
he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's -lrb- and its makers ' -rrb- credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .
-lrb- n -rrb- o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .
marisa tomei is good , but just a kiss is just a mess .
jolting into charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent -lrb- accurate ?
but it offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds .
however stale the material , lawrence 's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny .
the movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '
it 's not only dull because we 've seen -lrb- eddie -rrb- murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
no. .
hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
yes , one enjoys seeing joan grow from awkward young woman to strong , determined monarch , but her love for the philandering philip only diminishes her stature .
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
a serviceable euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom -- handguns , bmws and seaside chateaus .
it 's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .
not even the hanson brothers can save it
as conceived by mr. schaeffer , christopher and grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .
even kids deserve better .
-lrb- grant -rrb- goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .
majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows .
i kept thinking over and over again , ' i should be enjoying this . '
it 's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .
a whole lot foul , freaky and funny .
a highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . .
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .
the only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .
not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit .
the origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books .
time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
what -lrb- frei -rrb- gives us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
the movie is as padded as allen 's jelly belly .
the next generation of mob movie .
ong chooses to present ah na 's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism .
there 's a disturbing ` great white hope ' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion .
dilbert without the right-on satiric humor .
i found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic .
and neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .
succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the police academy series .
roger michell , who did an appealing job directing persuasion and notting hill in england , gets too artsy in his american debut .
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory .
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .
thoroughly awful .
these people would n't know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance .
two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama .
it 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn .
ou 've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .
despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life , the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine .
it 's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .
-lrb- washington 's -rrb- strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .
this is n't a terrible film by any means , but it 's also far from being a realized work .
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale .
somehow we 're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become g.i. jane .
-lrb- a -rrb- boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .
sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwii-era mississippi delta undermine this adaptation .
a good piece of work more often than not .
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .
hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole ' miss in the way of story .
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal .
a little better than sorcerer 's stone .
godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .
a portrait of an artist .
terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .
it 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
what 's next ?
even horror fans will most likely not find what they 're seeking with trouble every day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor .
and if you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes , you 've got ice water in your veins .
it 's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart .
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
chances are you wo n't , either .
i liked this film a lot ...
it inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental ` picture shows . '
whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as pulp fiction and get shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , who is cletis tout ?
it 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .
you could say that it 's slow at times , you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people would n't , but one thing you could n't say is that alias betty is predictable .
as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
a modestly comic , modestly action-oriented world war ii adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight .
watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot .
although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds , there 's no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun .
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot .
the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .
i still ca n't relate to stuart : he 's a mouse , for cryin ' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough .
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy .
some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff .
its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film .
how this one escaped the lifetime network i 'll never know .
a depressing confirmation of everything those of us who do n't object to the description `` unelected '' have suspected all along : george w. bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide .
for the most part , the ingredients are there .
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .
more a load of enjoyable , conan-esque claptrap than the punishing , special-effects soul assaults the mummy pictures represent .
` cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
it 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film .
trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere .
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
the movie is full of fine performances , led by josef bierbichler as brecht and monica bleibtreu as helene weigel , his wife .
what -lrb- denis -rrb- accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
tsai ming-liang 's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being .
basically , it 's pretty but dumb .
mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .
arguably the year 's silliest and most incoherent movie .
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...
with lines that feel like long soliloquies -- even as they are being framed in conversation -- max is static , stilted .
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .
if i spy were funny -lrb- enough -rrb- or exciting -lrb- enough -rrb- then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion it 's trying to reap from the moviegoing public .
some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
a big fat pain .
though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium .
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .
if you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ''
a frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality .
it 's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .
it 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it .
every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .
disgusting .
fans of nijinsky will savor every minute of cox 's work .
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .
hey , happy !
henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
no screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of clones ' last 45 minutes .
a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty .
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century .
under 15 ?
both flawed and delayed , martin scorcese 's gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas .
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .
there 's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
thanks to the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
`` not really as bad as you might think ! ''
-lrb- jeff 's -rrb- gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .
of all the halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .
energetic and boldly provocative .
montias ... pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .
with an unusual protagonist -lrb- a kilt-wearing jackson -rrb- and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .
it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
to enjoy this movie 's sharp dialogue and delightful performance by jolie and burns , you have to gloss over the no sense ending .
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen .
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .
`` the turntable is now outselling the electric guitar ... ''
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
but death to smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .
by the end , you just do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich -lrb- that would be reno -rrb- gets his comeuppance .
-lrb- moore 's -rrb- better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
the smug , oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive .
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .
-lrb- swimfan -rrb- falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .
the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter 's ghosts of mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second .
though frodo 's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle .
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children .
this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .
at the bottom rung of the series ' entries .
much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ...
most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is .
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
one of the worst movies of the year .
eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
for the first time in several years , mr. allen has surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the hollywood empress of ms. leoni 's ellie .
it 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room .
the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey 's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment .
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
you 'll cry for your money back .
` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style .
in a word : no. .
christina ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire .
it 's a trifle of a movie , with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center .
-lrb- leigh -rrb- has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors -lrb- improvised over many months -rrb- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
chalk it up to my adoration for both de niro and murphy , but i had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws .
moretti 's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss .
this version moves beyond the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema 's inability to stand in for true , lived experience .
the ring is worth a look , if you do n't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment .
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .
but based on cq , i 'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .
a photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - -- decasia
historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit .
smart and taut .
most new movies have a bright sheen .
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
elicits more groans from the audience than jar jar binks , scrappy doo and scooby dumb , all wrapped up into one .
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
eerily accurate depiction of depression .
it 's a talking head documentary , but a great one .
with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .
for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown .
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise .
it has fun being grown up .
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .
it will not appeal to the impatient , but those who like long books and movies will admire the way it accumulates power and depth .
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
while undisputed is n't exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes mr. hill higher than he 's been in a while .
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .
if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick .
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up .
the story ... is moldy and obvious .
blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological .
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes .
but this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it 's about a very human one .
it 's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script .
all the actors are good in pauline & paulette but van der groen , described as ` belgium 's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as pauline .
movies like this are selling the old european candor , the old wink of ` bold ' revelation .
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .
blade ii is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she 's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time .
bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies .
an incredibly low-rent danish film , it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient
it 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
this enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
-lrb- hell is -rrb- looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through .
the movie is a desperate miscalculation .
talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
i 'd be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow .
they exist for hushed lines like `` they 're back ! ''
manages to be somewhat well-acted , not badly art-directed and utterly unengaging no matter how hard it tries to be thrilling , touching or , yikes , uproarious .
about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .
an epic of grandeur and scale that 's been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of hollywood .
but he somehow pulls it off .
no worse than a lot of the crap we 've been offered this summer , and slightly better than men in black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go .
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work .
yes , ballistic is silly .
it 's a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness , while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene .
all the queen 's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .
the romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
this is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it 's hard to know what to praise first .
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it 's actually pretty good in the first few minutes .
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .
this director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .
egoyan 's movie is too complicated to sustain involvement , and , if you 'll excuse a little critical heresy , too intellectually ambitious .
director-chef gabriele muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin ' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale .
shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .
an amalgam of the fugitive , blade runner , and total recall , only without much energy or tension .
it 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
it wraps up a classic mother\/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it 's not all new , at least it looks pretty .
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .
in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works .
mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
well-nigh unendurable ... though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull .
`` brown sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then blood work is for you .
a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags .
hardly a film that comes along every day .
the movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design .
a solid examination of the male midlife crisis .
it 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
is this progress ?
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .
complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort
i could n't recommend this film more .
it 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary .
harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories .
if you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again .
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through .
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .
a battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .
indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .
a long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been .
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
what 's so striking about jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .
there 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .
a pleasing , often-funny comedy .
it 's too bad nothing else is .
you wo n't exactly know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted .
kurys never shows why , of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , sand and musset are worth particular attention .
but his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .
passable entertainment , but it 's the kind of motion picture that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards .
comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
nothing about this movie works .
... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .
an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street .
lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose .
francophiles will snicker knowingly and you 'll want to slap them .
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
but you 'll definitely want the t-shirt .
diverting french comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy .
friday after next has the same problem that next friday did -- it 's called where 's chris tucker when you need him ?
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in ... `` my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart ...
overall , it 's a pretty mediocre family film .
-lrb- cuarón has -rrb- created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .
though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess .
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -lrb- as well as a serious debt to the road warrior -rrb- , but it feels like unrealized potential
psychologically savvy .
others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
director hoffman , his writer and kline 's agent should serve detention
the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
all three women deliver remarkable performances .
when in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .
this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .
it 's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .
the animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet return to neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .
just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor
but i had a lot of problems with this movie .
this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .
benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it 's dong jie 's face you remember at the end .
the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots .
the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug .
-- was a fad that had long since vanished .
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .
droll caper-comedy remake of `` big deal on madonna street '' that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate `` bellini '' begins to look like a `` real kaputschnik . ''
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
an ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance .
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .
although huppert 's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , the piano teacher is anything but fun .
beautifully produced .
`` i blame all men for war , '' -lrb- the warden 's daughter -rrb- tells her father .
the four feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one .
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
feeble comedy .
wasabi is slight fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly -lrb- like one of hubert 's punches -rrb- , but it should go down smoothly enough with popcorn .
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
propelled not by characters but by caricatures .
a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half .
director andrew niccol ... demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame .
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .
it is there to give them a good time .
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit .
escaping the studio , piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie .
adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .
remarkably accessible and affecting .
it 's all gratuitous before long , as if schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
it 's never dull and always looks good .
i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .
for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .
too often , the viewer is n't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .
but this is lohman 's film .
miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .
a cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .
`` collateral damage '' goes by the numbers and reps decent action entertainment -- until the silly showdown ending that forces the viewer to totally suspend disbelief
alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
this time kaufman 's imagination has failed him .
tony gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before , but director d.j. caruso 's grimy visual veneer and kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .
but here 's the real damn : it is n't funny , either .
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices .
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .
after a while , hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
if the movie were all comedy , it might work better .
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .
even if the ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .
this is more a case of ` sacre bleu ! '
the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious .
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters .
the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies .
bluto blutarsky , we miss you .
like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
uplifting , funny and wise .
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .
the pinochet case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most .
it haunts you , you ca n't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it .
a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
the catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
with this new rollerball , sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
the climactic events are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
the plot is so amusingly contrived and outlandish in its coincidences that no one could ever mistake it for anything resembling reality
with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele 's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast .
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .
a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .
the story , like life , refuses to be simple , and the result is a compelling slice of awkward emotions .
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
tailored to entertain !
but like bruce springsteen 's gone-to-pot asbury park , new jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a city of ruins .
the best movie of its kind since ` brazil . '
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
despite these annoyances , the capable clayburgh and tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
spare but quietly effective retelling .
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
it 's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it 's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep .
it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie does n't quite fly .
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .
when your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like goldie hawn and susan sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily .
the casting of raymond j. barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary .
it 's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it .
thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking .
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
those unfamiliar with mormon traditions may find the singles ward occasionally bewildering .
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement european pickup .
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
more vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet .
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller
... salaciously simplistic .
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .
the premise itself is just sooooo tired .
open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , talk to her is a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations .
for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -lrb- orlando jones -rrb- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed .
though moonlight mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that 's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama .
its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary .
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .
reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness .
solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' never were .
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . '
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
on the bright side , it contains jesse ventura 's best work since the xfl .
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .
i liked it just enough .
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .
it is so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it begs to be parodied .
drives for the same kind of bittersweet , conciliatory tone that three seasons achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality .
it 's really yet another anemic and formulaic lethal weapon-derived buddy-cop movie , trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness .
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .
almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited .
this is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
-lrb- johnnie to and wai ka fai are -rrb- sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
... there is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .
... gripping and handsome execution , -lrb- but -rrb- there is n't much about k-19 that 's unique or memorable .
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .
it 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original .
this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
pumpkin struts about with `` courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .
grant gets to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte .
i admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .
despite the pyrotechnics , narc is strictly by the book .
the characters are interesting and the relationship between yosuke and saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there 's not enough to the story to fill two hours .
only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
it really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . '
a movie that , rather than skip along the seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek .
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary .
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
nolan bravely treads where few american films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity ...
a hip ride into hyper-time , clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .
it 's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions .
a cartoon that 's truly cinematic in scope , and a story that 's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big , four-legged herbivore .
i could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .
the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you 're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships .
real-life strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .
it 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
that is a compliment to kuras and miller .
the furious coherence that -lrb- deniro -rrb- brings to this part only underscores the fuzzy sentimentality of the movie itself , which feels , as it plods toward the end , less like a movie than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing .
preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment .
it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away .
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .
it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
these people are really going to love the piano teacher .
it 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time .
the hours is what movies are supposed to be ...
no matter how you slice it , mark wahlberg and thandie newton are not hepburn and grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .
visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality .
i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
the movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students .
majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast .
a summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .
it 's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way .
on the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness .
quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
for a shoot - 'em - up , ballistic is oddly lifeless .
it 's like an all-star salute to disney 's cheesy commercialism .
... has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
wobbly senegalese updating of `` carmen '' which is best for the stunning star turn by djeinaba diop gai
family fare .
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .
new best friend 's playboy-mansion presentation of college life is laugh-out-loud ludicrous .
just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story .
halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .
there 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent .
if you 're looking for a tale of brits behaving badly , watch snatch again .
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
one of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way .
though it draws several decent laughs , it 's low-cal woody at best .
going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it 's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through .
underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough .
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .
for all its serious sense of purpose ... -lrb- it -rrb- finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor .
a cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man .
it 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
a model of what films like this should be like .
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
topkapi this is not .
insomnia is involving .
a film that will enthrall the whole family .
exhilarating but blatantly biased .
now it 's a bad , embarrassing movie .
a frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , bartleby performs neither one very well .
you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .
the movie is well crafted , and well executed .
i believe the message is in the messenger : the agent is a woman .
a poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda .
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's problems .
... a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of jean reno .
sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling .
george clooney proves he 's quite a talented director and sam rockwell shows us he 's a world-class actor with confessions of a dangerous mind .
when it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
typical animé , with cheapo animation -lrb- like saturday morning tv in the '60s -rrb- , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names .
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances .
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
you 'll know a star when you see one .
campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution .
photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic .
on this tricky topic , tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion .
this rough trade punch-and-judy act did n't play well then and it plays worse now .
shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .
instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .
chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart .
if nothing else , `` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j.
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged .
manages to delight without much of a story .
not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well .
moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance .
the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it 's an enjoyable one .
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .
... a magnificent drama well worth tracking down .
we root for -lrb- clara and paul -rrb- , even like them , though perhaps it 's an emotion closer to pity .
a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered .
despite its flaws , secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .
-lrb- breheny 's -rrb- lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book 's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are .
an overwrought taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .
a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail .
this is one of polanski 's best films .
but even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between jolie and burns ... this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to screenwriting for dummies conformity .
it 's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming .
bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding .
oops , she 's really done it this time .
it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
unfortunately , carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg .
cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .
vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .
falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .
bearable .
it might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a three 's company-style laugh track .
wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars
the movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ...
tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .
the film makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in chinese history : war , revolution , communism , etc. .
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand .
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .
the result is more depressing than liberating , but it 's never boring .
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc .
it 's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film .
it 's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work .
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
... a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable .
scooby-doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .
borrows a bit from the classics `` wait until dark '' and `` extremities '' ... but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself .
it 's just rather leaden and dull .
mr. deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .
as vulgar as it is banal .
jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .
but what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
if you ignore the cliches and concentrate on city by the sea 's interpersonal drama , it ai n't half-bad .
-lrb- a -rrb- rare movie that makes us re-assess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity .
this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
after seeing the film , i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .
whether or not you buy mr. broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
pumpkin wants to have it both ways .
there 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .
workmanlike , maybe , but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies .
sunshine state surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology .
as the two leads , lathan and diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .
an awful snooze .
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .
this thing works on no level whatsoever for me .
kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble .
does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ?
and that 's a big part of why we go to the movies .
the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it 's exhausting to watch .
fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and -lrb- director phillip -rrb- noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
` would n't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra ? '
true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video\/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating .
chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
this film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers .
reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .
the farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one .
it sucked .
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
you end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that .
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
it tells more than it shows .
it 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .
starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
while serving sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest austin powers extravaganza , there 's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration .
feels familiar and tired .
but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines .
secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
-lrb- a -rrb- devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .
it 's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role .
unlike the speedy wham-bam effect of most hollywood offerings , character development -- and more importantly , character empathy -- is at the heart of italian for beginners .
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget .
what distinguishes time of favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts .
but not a whit more .
tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
however it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs , young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust .
subversive , meditative , clinical and poetic , the piano teacher is a daring work of genius .
the movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
amid the cliché and foreshadowing , cage manages a degree of casual realism ... that is routinely dynamited by blethyn .
every bit as bogus as most disney live action family movies are -- no real plot , no real conflict , no real point .
the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
the beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of -lrb- godard 's -rrb- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .
must be seen to be believed .
well-meaning but inert .
engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship .
something like scrubbing the toilet .
some episodes work , some do n't .
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .
corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless .
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .
i believe silberling had the best intentions here , but he just does n't have the restraint to fully realize them .
a journey through memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination on fatality , classism , and ignorance .
the date movie that franz kafka would have made .
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
when it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .
it 's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny .
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .
smith 's approach is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes .
a cockeyed shot all the way .
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct -lrb- `` laissez-passer '' -rrb- wears its heart on its sleeve .
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
merchant effectively translates naipaul 's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .
there are moments in this account of the life of artist frida kahlo that are among cinema 's finest this year .
the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .
... one resurrection too many .
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
newcomer helmer kevin donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored .
it 's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured .
however , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier disney efforts .
the film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .
cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility .
rodriguez ... was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click .
sturdy , entertaining period drama ... both caine and fraser have their moments .
... a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original .
seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many .
by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
you ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
a celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals ' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences .
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .
this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people .
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
for a film about explosions and death and spies , `` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .
it 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with .
-lrb- it 's -rrb- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course .
behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one ca n't help but think he 'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art .
beneath clouds is a succinct low-budget film whose compelling characters and intelligent script are exactly what was missing from rabbit-proof fence .
mark pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .
this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .
to work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer .
a well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
let 's face it -- there are n't many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears .
both overstuffed and undernourished ... the film ca n't be called a solid success , although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time .
like all of egoyan 's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
when -lrb- reno -rrb- lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al. , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .
these spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds , but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining .
it has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .
a glorious mess .
witty , touching and well paced .
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .
most of the supporting characters in eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots .
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way .
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
you do n't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable b-minus to the emperor 's club .
best indie of the year , so far .
farrell ... thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to willis 's world-weary colonel .
the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession .
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .
the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .
great character interaction .
it 's a bit disappointing that it only manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant .
this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .
a thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action .
it 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market .
it 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
` enigma ' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable .
the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy .
if melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna .
labute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .
it 's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison .
whether or not you 're enlightened by any of derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .
a lame comedy .
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .
familiar but utterly delightful .
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .
bartlett 's hero remains a reactive cipher , when opening the man 's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made .
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
australian actor\/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .
there is so much plodding sensitivity .
courtney chases stuart with a cell phone .
all in all , a great party .
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel .
this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict .
what is the filmmakers ' point ?
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together .
the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .
uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance .
with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors , eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare .
fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots .
feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women .
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
really quite funny .
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .
the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .
a gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching .
viewers of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .
a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to .
ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie 's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .
there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
not ` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like , ' i once had a nightmare like this , and it 's now coming true ' bad .
claude chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
a grating , emaciated flick .
bad company .
it 's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
the film grows on you .
what ` dumb and dumber ' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script .
watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
... unlike -lrb- scorsese 's mean streets -rrb- , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
a brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .
that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .
an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .
about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more , houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie .
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
death might be a release .
nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
the story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture .
the problem is n't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball .
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
a thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 .
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ?
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
or , you can do something fun tonight .
too bad maggio could n't come up with a better script .
if you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of `` the isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else .
this romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime england , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s .
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .
the sort of film that makes me miss hitchcock , but also feel optimistic that there 's hope for popular cinema yet .
` de niro ... is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around . '
if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .
far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series .
despite the surface attractions -- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
it 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block .
... an interesting slice of history .
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .
i do n't think this movie loves women at all .
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . '
loud , silly , stupid and pointless .
smith 's point is simple and obvious -- people 's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers .
do n't even bother to rent this on video .
it 's better than mid-range steven seagal , but not as sharp as jet li on rollerblades .
it 's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
there 's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it 's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted .
judging by those standards , ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .
so lazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun .
it 's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .
but some unexpected zigs and zags help .
for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .
it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
dreary , highly annoying ... ` some body ' will appeal to no one .
with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh 's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff .
but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .
two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .
at its best , queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror classics of the '60s .
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .
as pedestrian as they come .
one of the best movies of the year .
an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick .
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .
mike white 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching .
it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
the film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .
the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance .
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon so shameless and coarse , it 's almost funny .
there 's no reason to miss interview with the assassin
afraid to pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics , all the queen 's men is finally just one long drag .
safe conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull 's - eye .
though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance .
canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .
the quiet american is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .
mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
is red dragon worthy of a place alongside the other hannibal movies ?
i ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .
... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ...
the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .
a cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe ... the most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history .
overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very imaxy .
like its predecessor , it 's no classic , but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate .
the film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , southern california locations and star power .
but buying into sham truths and routine `` indie '' filmmaking , freundlich has made just another safe movie .
this may be dover kosashvili 's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic .
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .
might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .
any rock pile will do for a set .
passably entertaining but also mechanical and joyless .
city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it 's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes .
if it 's seldom boring , well , it 's also rarely coherent .
it is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some .
whether writer-director anne fontaine 's film is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above , it is as seductive as it is haunting .
the twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows .
the film did n't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .
mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
but taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot , the queen of the damned can not be said to suck .
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .
an endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years .
this road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you 'll be glad you went along for the ride .
drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
-lrb- two -rrb- fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable scandinavian settlers in 18th-century canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now .
it 's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .
, the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable .
... hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves .
-lrb- reaches -rrb- wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .
it 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .
the subtle strength of `` elling '' is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation .
like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .
from blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge '
this dubious product of a college-spawned -lrb- colgate u. -rrb- comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips .
-lrb- lawrence bounces -rrb- all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .
a cop story that understands the medium amazingly well .
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it 's actually watchable .
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .
an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story .
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the halloween series has lost its edge .
... creates a visceral sense of its characters ' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above ... what could have been a melodramatic , lifetime channel-style anthology .
lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .
perhaps not since nelson eddy crooned his indian love call to jeanette macdonald has there been a movie so unabashedly canadian , not afraid to risk american scorn or disinterest .
at a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
chris columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
what 's next ?
one sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
from both a great and a terrible story , mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
is n't quite the equal of woo 's best earlier work , but it 's easily his finest american film ... comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his hong kong films .
the film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses .
for a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
... watching it was painful .
hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films .
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .
shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .
it gets old quickly .
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
incoherence reigns .
a sentimental mess that never rings true .
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .
a flawed but engrossing thriller .
big time .
this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
the laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while russell and dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them .
a smart , compelling drama .
just like hearst 's enormous yacht , it 's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination .
for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
this is as powerful a set of evidence as you 'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives .
a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers ...
that storytelling has value can not be denied .
the lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
eventually , it wins you over .
directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness .
he 's worked too hard on this movie .
sam jones became a very lucky filmmaker the day wilco got dropped from their record label , proving that one man 's ruin may be another 's fortune .
i did n't laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube , and his skinny buddy mike epps , to make like laurel and hardy 'n the hood .
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling .
imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern .
like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna .
the film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .
in an art film !
a bravura exercise in emptiness .
all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium .
much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .
is `` ballistic '' worth the price of admission ?
what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
... pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time -lrb- including mine -rrb- on something very inconsequential .
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
i 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent .
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
a well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless .
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .
it 's one long bore .
too ordinary to restore -lrb- harmon -rrb- to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance .
and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
her film is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .
a psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive 's attention to detail .
it 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
y tu mamá también is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt .
what 's worse is that pelosi knows it .
as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success .
true to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
i have a new favorite musical -- and i 'm not even a fan of the genre
like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything 's in place but something 's just a little off-kilter .
what makes this film special is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama .
borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .
... best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the warren report .
the concept is a hoot .
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
-lrb- the cockettes -rrb- provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you 're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller .
spiderman rocks
a by-the-numbers patient\/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
the director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -lrb- since sept. 11 -rrb- .
beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
but fans should have fun meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi .
the performances are remarkable .
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .
sit through this one , and you wo n't need a magic watch to stop time ; your dvd player will do it for you .
denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of vanessa redgrave 's career .
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight .
this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking .
the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep .
against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine .
vera 's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them .
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .
halloween : resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been .
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .
everything that 's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television .
we have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
visually , ` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
it 's definitely a step in the right direction .
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .
the star who helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears . ''
corpus collosum -- while undeniably interesting -- wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in .
looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .
not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .
an intriguing near-miss .
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
dense and enigmatic ... elusive ... stagy and stilted
if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
a witty , trenchant , wildly unsentimental but flawed look at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking .
a little too pat for its own good .
whaley 's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .
even film silliness needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping .
despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
`` home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
a very witty take on change , risk and romance , and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth .
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
do we really need the tiger beat version ?
the re-release of ron howard 's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .
kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
writer-director burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear .
prancing his way through the tailor-made part of a male hooker approaching the end of his vitality , jagger obviously relishes every self-mocking moment .
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding .
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .
punitively affirmational parable .
last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
the cast is phenomenal , especially the women .
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
the entire cast is extraordinarily good .
this is not a jackie chan movie .
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
while super troopers is above academy standards , its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling .
the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .
effective but too-tepid biopic
there 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .
if only merchant paid more attention the story .
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen .
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign .
kinnear gives a tremendous performance .
a doa dud from frame one .
transforms one of -lrb- shakespeare 's -rrb- deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .
with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .
-lrb- hawn 's character -rrb- is so bluntly written , without a trace of sentimentality , and so blisteringly defined , that every other character seems overlooked and underwritten .
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .
it 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .
twist open the ouzo !
despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show ... represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there 's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it .
the low-budget full frontal was one of the year 's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures , and solaris is its big-budget brother .
scotland , pa. is a strangely drab romp .
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least .
tsai ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point .
it 's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show .
` enigma ' is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` we were soldiers . '
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .
the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
it feels like a community theater production of a great broadway play : even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original .
the script is n't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman -lrb- the actor -rrb- can make it work .
frank mcklusky c.i. is that movie !
a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .
the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
jeffrey tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy .
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .
there is a kind of attentive concern that hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is time for their first public recital .
if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .
unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .
on a certain base level , blue crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it .
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
a moving , if uneven , success .
as a film director , labute continues to improve .
visually captivating .
this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
although i did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .
it ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains .
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .
haneke keeps us at arm 's length .
an easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .
jacquot 's tosca is a treat .
windtalkers blows this way and that , but there 's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself .
the skills of a calculus major at m.i.t. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ?
the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .
for free .
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade .
you could hate it for the same reason .
nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
a hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol .
it 's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds .
fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject .
if this is satire , it 's the smug and self-congratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook .
an enjoyable experience .
the bourne identity is what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups .
the fourth in a series that i 'll bet most parents had thought -- hoped !
anemic chronicle of money grubbing new yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups .
the original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !
... only bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction .
an average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son 's discovery of his homosexuality .
the actors do n't inhabit their roles -- they 're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes .
mushes the college-friends genre -lrb- the big chill -rrb- together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas .
truth to tell , if you 've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there 's nothing here you have n't seen before .
while benigni -lrb- who stars and co-wrote -rrb- seems to be having a wonderful time , he might be alone in that .
but this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better .
in capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .
a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of -lrb- besson 's -rrb- earlier work .
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .
beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .
the appearance of treebeard and gollum 's expanded role will either have you loving what you 're seeing , or rolling your eyes .
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld -lrb- who is also one of the film 's producers -rrb- do everything he can to look like a good guy .
shankman ... and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .
it 's up to -lrb- watts -rrb- to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe .
thurman and lewis are hilarious throughout .
... one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i 've seen in quite a long time .
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
the french director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` cherish ' a very good -lrb- but not great -rrb- movie .
absolutely -lrb- and unintentionally -rrb- terrifying .
-lrb- fessenden -rrb- is much more into ambiguity and creating mood than he is for on screen thrills
it 's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .
apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .
for a film that celebrates radical , nonconformist values , what to do in case of fire ?
schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .
the camera twirls !
producer john penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety .
well , it 's not as pathetic as the animal .
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .
told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
it 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins .
the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : they might be giants ' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed .
whether quitting will prove absorbing to american audiences is debatable .
a clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against ... well , just stuff .
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
a pro-fat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances .
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake .
if you want to see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from , then look no further , because here it is .
theology aside , why put someone who ultimately does n't learn at the center of a kids ' story ?
like kubrick , soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .
jacquot 's rendering of puccini 's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera .
meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .
the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america 's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get .
a sports movie with action that 's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .
an enjoyable above average summer diversion .
every child 's story is what matters .
stevenson 's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination .
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .
the message of such reflections -- intentional or not -- is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one .
leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago .
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .
although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience .
when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray 's game of chinese whispers with mr bean .
about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
helmer devito ... attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids ' tv and revenge .
here 's a british flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you .
light years \/ several warp speeds \/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection .
the disarming cornball atmosphere has a way of infecting the entire crowd as the film rolls on .
qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere .
great story , bad idea for a movie .
a lousy movie that 's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable .
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
like shrek , spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey .
has a shambling charm ... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv 's big brother .
exciting documentary .
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
dense , exhilarating documentary .
some movies blend together as they become distant memories .
with its hint of an awkward hitchcockian theme in tact , harmon 's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone
what you would end up with if you took orwell , bradbury , kafka , george lucas and the wachowski brothers and threw them into a blender .
... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
humor in i spy is so anemic .
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
while the transgressive trappings -lrb- especially the frank sex scenes -rrb- ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt .
a taut , sobering film .
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .
too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
while glover , the irrepressible eccentric of river 's edge , dead man and back to the future , is perfect casting for the role , he represents bartleby 's main overall flaw .
a film that loses sight of its own story .
denis forges out of the theories of class - based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord .
a graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined .
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ?
it 's tough , astringent , darkly funny and ... well , it 's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning .
philip k. dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach .
but , for that , why not watch a documentary ?
though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending .
it 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
it 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits .
building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise .
killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .
involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd .
suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
... a solid , well-formed satire .
a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy .
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .
one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .
it uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color .
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
watching trouble every day , at least if you do n't know what 's coming , is like biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms .
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .
an exhilarating serving of movie fluff .
will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues .
oddly compelling .
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph .
perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff .
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .
steven soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .
remember it .
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .
-lrb- a -rrb- satisfying niblet .
-lrb- a -rrb- hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning ... -lrb- but -rrb- lohman 's moist , deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer ...
what 's surprising about full frontal is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you .
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy .
devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back .
george lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .
